The sisters are hugging goodbye while holding to go packages after just eating lunch .
Two woman are holding packages .
The men are fighting outside a deli .
Two kids in numbered jerseys wash their hands .
Two kids at a ballgame wash their hands .
Two kids in jackets walk to school .
A woman drinks her coffee in a small cafe .
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event while people wait in line behind him .
A man selling donuts to a customer .
boys play football
dog eats out of bowl
boys scoring a touchdown
A man is repainting a garage
A man is wearing a blue shirt
A man is wearing a black shirt
A child is reaching to touch the propeller of a plane .
A child is reaching to touch the propeller out of curiosity .
A child is playing with a ball .
A woman is doing a cartwheel .
A woman is fixing her home .
A woman is doing a cartwheel and falls on her head .
People are riding bikes .
Men are riding bicycles on the street .
A few people are catching fish .
boy leaving baseball game
boy in field
dog in pool
The restaurant is very bad .
People are waiting in line at a restaurant .
People are waiting to see a movie .
A person waits to be served his food .
A man is waiting in line for the bus .
A man is looking to order a grilled cheese sandwich .
A person in a suit
Nobody has a suit
A tall person in a suit
Two women are at a bar .
Three women are at a bar .
Women are celebrating at a bar .
A single man is next to a camera
A crowd is dancing
A crowd is in front of a camera
Two surgeons are having lunch .
Doctors are performing surgery .
Two doctors are performing surgery on a man .
A white dog with long hair is swimming underwater .
An animal is jumping to catch an object .
A white chihuahua mix with long curly hair is jumping to catch a red and green toy bone .
Kids ride their favorite amusement ride .
A car is broke down on the side of the road .
Kids ride an amusement ride .
A man plays on a golf course to relax .
The man in the black shirt trades Pokemon cards with his girlfriend .
The man wearing the black shirt plays a game of golf .
a blond man laughs while doing laundry
a guy laughs while doing laundry
two ladies pin clothes to dry
An Indian woman is doing her laundry in a lake .
An Indian woman is putting her laundry into the machine .
An Indian woman is doing laundry for her son in the lake .
They are driving cars .
They both fall to the ground .
The man stumbles stumbles in rollerskates .
A boy does a card trick .
Onlookers are impressed by the trick .
People watch another person do a trick .
Only one woman is wearing a head scarf .
These two women are friends .
A man is chasing an SUV that is going in the same direction as him .
An SUV and a man are going in opposite directions .
A taxi SUV races to pick up some clients while a man walks peacefully in the other direction .
Nobody has a shirt on
A person in a shirt
A tall person in a shirt
A man is wearing a black shirt
A man is wearing a white shirt
A man is taking photos while on tour in nyc
He is Polish .
He is playing a saxophone .
A man is singing into a microphone .
It is very sunny outside .
The woman and kids and sitting down .
The woman is running .
A woman is sick in bed .
A woman is making music .
A lady is participating in a talent show .
Men are working on John Deere equipment
John Deere equipment is being worked on by two farmers
2 Men are making a pool together
Boy dressed in blue carrying toy to a toybox .
Boy dressed in red lighting things on fire .
Boy dressed in blue holds a toy .
The woman is writing a grocery list .
The woman is talking on the phone .
The woman is writing a note .
The baby is wet .
The man is at the end of the slip and slide
There is a party
A girl is gaining momentum to flip off the swing
A girl is laying in the pool
A girl is on a swing
woman drinks a beer
woman dumps the drink on a man
woman has a drink
A person sitting
A tall person sitting
Nobody is sitting
The man is trying to pick out what cereal to choose .
A man is watching a movie in a theater .
There is a man inside a supermarket .
The man is sitting .
The man is reading tips on how to be a better boy friend .
The man is reading a spoon with the words " HELP ME " on it .
He is jumping over a house
She is working with cloth
She is weaving an american flag
a person washes stairs
a worker cleans near the pool
a dog chases a cat
A person is falling off his bike .
A person is on a boat .
A person is on a beach .
Children were looking at a bike .
the children are outside .
Someone is riding a bike .
The dogs are out to catch fish .
The pets are sleeping on the grass .
The dogs are swimming among the boats .
A group of people are outside .
A group of people prepare cars for racing .
There are hot air balloons on the ground and air .
Men are standing on some steps near some water .
Men are sitting outside near a golf course .
Men are standing by a docked boat .
People are performing as a band for a crowd .
Young people are playing water polo .
People are playing music .
A bird flying .
A rat running on a wheel .
A bird chasing an insect .
The boy is outside and running from cops .
The young boy is completing a heist .
The bank has just been robbed .
An old middle eastern man is selling corn - on - the - cob from his brother 's cart .
In the middle east , a man sells corn - on - the - cob from a cart .
A middle east man is throwing corn at strangers .
He is playing a song .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
The man is wearing black .
A group of people in a motorcade driving past an audience .
A group of people walking down a road .
A group of people walking past a group of civilian spectators .
A woman is sleeping .
A woman is walking her dog .
A woman is on the phone .
The boys are all wearing yellow .
The boy is crouching down to take a picture .
The young boy has a camera .
Five men stand on chairs .
Five women sit at a table .
Five friends sit at a table .
The man is performing a magic act .
The person is performing .
The child is dancing inside .
The boy is playing make believe .
There is a child in the grass .
The boy is in the sand .
The man in black and red is about to score the winning run .
There is a baseball game going on .
The man in black and red is sitting in the bleachers .
A man and women are staring at heads of lettuce .
Two men throw produce at each other for fun .
A man and woman are looking at produce .
The people are sitting and eating their food .
The men are covered in tomatoes .
The people are having a food fight .
People standing in line
People happily standing in line
People not standing in line
A man and woman are talking in the aquarium .
The couple discuss their financial future in the park .
A pair of people are talking outdoors .
Two people selling ice cream from a car .
Two people standing outside an ice cream stand .
Two people in line to buy icecream .
A person is is playing baseball .
A person is betting that he will win the race .
A person is competing in a race .
The girl is playing a video game in the bath .
The girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters .
The girl is having fun learning her letters .
The men are making something to eat .
The two men are cooking food for the block party .
The two men are running in a race .
A man fights dead mummy 's who magically came alive in the desert .
A man wonders in the desert .
A man and a camel wonder in the desert .
The woman is asleep .
A woman is near a group of people .
The street performer is entertaining the tourists .
The man is getting ready to speak .
The man is sitting in a chair inside .
There are people canoeing down a river .
There is a man running .
A man and his friend are running a marathon together .
A lot of dogs barking outside a row of shops with a cat teasing them .
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with a man with hands in his pockets .
People are looking through the shops for stuff to buy .
the boy is flying a helicopter
the boy is five
a boy is barefooted
Hitler rides a jetski in this Kawasaki advertisement .
A lifeguard races across the water .
The man is enjoying the ocean .
A group of adults are swimming at the beach .
Children are swimming at the beach .
Children are at the beach .
The people sit together .
The people wait for the bus to come .
Someone is helping bathe the small baby .
The person bathing the small baby is the mother .
The small baby is in it 's crib sound asleep .
A woman sits outdoors .
A woman is selling stuff in a flea market .
A woman sitting in an indoor market .
A pirate boards the spaceship .
An old man searches for a good place to die .
A man walks the countryside .
A middle aged man is outdoors .
A middle aged man is showing off his origami creation .
A middle aged man is sitting on a stool in a bar .
A player passing the ball in a soccer game .
A player trying to score in a soccer game .
A player fighting in a soccer game .
A nun using her camera to take pictures of various things outdoors .
A nun taking photos of a interesting site outside .
A nun on her knees praying by a statue .
The man was watching tv
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork
The man was selling the artwork
Mother catching her son in a pool .
Mother and daughter shopping for shoes .
Child leaping into arms of a woman wearing swimsuit in a pool .
the guy is dead
a guy is waxing
the guy is paid
This picture is of two Asian men .
Two young asian men are squatting .
Two italian girls are squatting .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a large crowd .
A man is using a projector to watch television .
A man is giving a presentation .
A little girl in a spelling bee
A man giving a speech
The college dean giving the graduation speech
The child sits in a dark room watching television .
A little girl is playing jump rope .
A child is playing .
The four guys are in the army .
The guys have guns .
The four guys are playing hopscotch .
There are two men walking outside .
Men are walking in different directions .
Men are sitting in the park .
The man has experience in taking photos .
The man is dancing around the building .
The man is prepared for his photo .
A black late model station wagon is in the background .
A white late model station wagon is in the background .
A light black late model station wagon is in the background .
a girl looks at her father
a boy looks at his farther
a younger boy looks at his father
A boy rolls around an inflatable ride .
A boy is playing on an inflatable ride .
A boy pierces a knife through an inflatable ride .
A man is at a car dealership .
The man is waiting for his car to be serviced .
A man is reading a magazine at the hospital .
The two officers have gotten a call about a fight .
The officers have shot an unarmed black man and will not go to prison for it .
A man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach .
A man is ouside near the beach .
A man is sitting on his couch .
A man is playing a musical instrument .
A man is playing the trumpet with his hands tied behind his back .
A man in a band is playing the drums .
Three women are traveling by foot .
The suits are gray .
The woman are wearing bikinis .
They expect a train to arrive eventually .
They are both waiting for a bus .
They will both get onto the same train together .
A man is smiling at a woman .
A man is smiling at his wife .
A man is reading a book alone .
A person wearing white is running towards a ball that was kicked from another person .
The goalie is running out to catch the ball before it passes him into the goal .
The goalie is sleeping at home .
There are women on the subway .
There are people on the subway .
The men are wearing pants .
The kids are drawing pictures of animals .
There are kids drawing .
The kids are cutting ribbons .
The woman playing the trumpet .
The woman is in a band .
The woman is singing .
The elephants are part of a jungle tour .
The elephants are performing in a circus tent .
Three elephants carry people through the water .
A sick turtle is swimming by a diver .
A lion is eating raw meat at the zoo .
A turtle has a diver swimming with it .
There is a man and a boy outside .
There is a kid skateboarding and a bearded man on a bike .
There is a man with a gray beard skateboarding .
A young boy and his friend admire the vintage aircraft .
A young boy swims in his pool .
A young boy and an airplane .
Indian people having a ritual
Indian people having a ritual for a birthday celebration
Indian people hunting animals
Two girls on a water slide .
Sisters squeal in delight as the go down the slide .
Barney Fife with his one bullet .
The person is cooking a hamburger .
A person is wearing a Coca Cola shirt .
The woman is in the bathroom .
The woman 's son drew some of the graffiti .
A woman is outside .
The men are unaware of what computers are .
The two men are electronics enthusiasts .
The men are experts when it comes to electronics .
A young girl faces the camera .
An old woman refuses to have her picture taken .
A young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag .
A boy in overalls is playing with bubbles outside .
A boy is blowing bubbles .
A man is juggling in the park .
The children played on the floor with their new christmas toys .
The children played on the floor .
The girls slept on the floor next to the toys .
Three men are in a laboratory doing a scientific study .
There are three men on a fishing boat trying to catch bass .
The men in the science lab are performing a science experiment on fruit flies .
the animal is running
the animal is a puppy
the animal is sleeping
Two friends sitting on step at their job .
Two women sitting on steps at their job .
Two women sitting at their workplace desks .
A man is sleeping .
A man is down a park
a man is wearing blue
Boys are standing
The ocean is calm
The boys are surfing
A group of people holding various positions for a period of time .
The yoga group are eating chips and fries .
Half of the yoga group are female .
The four girls are attending the street festival .
The four girls are dancing along to the song playing on the loud speaker .
The four girls are playing card games at the table .
There is a child with their foot in a garbage can near some other kids in a classroom .
Some kids in a classroom play a game with a trashcan .
A man looks at his watch at a bus stop .
The children are outside playing soccer .
The child is asleep .
The door is open .
There is a door .
A boy jumping through the air .
A guy swimming in the pool .
A guy inside .
A man is playing with the brass pots
A man is sitting .
a man does not have brass pots
A Black man is passed out on a park bench from drinking .
A man lays face down on a park bench .
A man is dancing at the club popping bottles .
A woman is folding her washed laundry .
A woman is hanging her laundry in the sun .
A woman is taking care of her laundry .
The dog is playing with a ball .
The dog is brown .
The dog is playing with a rope .
A girl is sitting
The boy is wearing a green shirt
The boy is sitting
The boy is walking across the field with his dog .
The boy is getting dirty as he plays in the muddy puddles .
The boy is outside .
Four males are sitting indoors .
Four males are playing out in the yard .
Four males are sitting indoors because it 's raining .
the crew all ate lunch alone
the crew was celebrating a birthday
the crew was having dinner
A woman is dancing near a fire .
A woman is wearing a Halloween costume .
A woman is wearing strange clothing .
Two kids are looking for something to purchase for mothers day .
Two kids are flying on a hovercraft .
Two kids are looking in a store window .
Humans wearing clothes on the street .
A naked man walking down the street .
People dressed up in costumes preparing to rob a house .
The person is reading a book .
The person is wearing blue jeans .
The person is writing on the chalk board .
The family is driving safe and sound while the little girl is asleep .
The car that belongs to the family is having issues .
The mother , daughter , and granddaughter are out in the middle of the day .
The building is made of logs .
The building is brick .
The people are going to a concert .
Two people are playing an instruments on stage .
Three guys are playing the bongos on stage .
A man and his pianist are performing their final tribute to Zelda .
The man is covering his neck
The towel is pink and blue striped
He does n't want hair to land on his neck .
The man was walking to meet a friend .
The man was running through the park .
The man was walking .
The TV holds a woman who holds a child .
Children go past their parents .
Children run past their parents .
The children are watching TV at home .
Persons are involved in outdoor recreation .
Two boys are watching television .
An ocean is behind a couple about to fly red kites
Animals are near each other .
The dogs are trying to get the cows inside a barn .
Cats are sleeping inside the room .
They are walking by the garden .
The men and women are running through the forest .
They are admiring the beautiful flowers in the garden .
the person is in the water playing .
there is a person drowning .
there is a man in a pool .
She is standing on the seat .
She is in a chair .
A fruit market is selling vegetables
A fruit market and a man
A fish market is on the docks
The dog is wearing a clown suit .
The dog is in the water .
The dog is with its owner .
A man sits in a hotel lobby .
A man jumps in the ocean .
The man is enjoying a vacation at a beach resort and decides to take a swim in the ocean .
A woman in black is jumping in the air with a red umbrella .
A woman in black high heels is walking down a large staircase .
A woman in colorful boots is jumping over a large puddle in the street .
A girl is by herself on a sled .
A girl is sliding on a red sled .
A girl is on a beach with a blue sled .
Some men with jerseys are in a bar , watching a soccer match .
The goalie is one of the best , and it is hard for the men on the other team to score .
The men are playing soccer .
A puppy jumps up to catch a ball .
A dog is in a grassy field filled with trees .
A dog is sleeping in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
The man and girl are painting the walls .
A man holding a drill stands next to a girl holding a vacuum hose .
The man and girl are doing some home maintenance .
The girls are classmates .
The girls are outdoors .
The girls are indoors .
Three children are dressed in warm winter clothes .
Three childre are dressed in summer clothes .
Three children are dressed in winter clothes .
The person is inside .
There is a person wearing pants .
The person is on the ground .
A woman is brushing her hair .
she is getting ready for a night out .
The woman is taking a shower .
Both people are standing up .
There are people in a field .
There are only two people in the field .
A baby points at her green eye .
A baby is playing in the mud .
The baby is dirty .
A man and woman pose for engagement photos .
Two people are posing for a photograph .
A woman is standing alone .
A group of people are sitting on horses .
Bandits are sitting on horses as they prepare for a robbery .
A group of cowboys are sitting on horses .
The woman is alone and asleep in her bedroom .
The women are wearing flip flops .
The women each have one head .
A man looking into a microscope in a lab
A man is on job in the lab
A man is sleeping in the park bench
A man fell into the swimming pool .
A man is heading to his house of worship .
An indian is on his way to worship .
There is only one person present .
There are multiple people present .
They are in Japan .
The man is wearing a Cowboys jersey .
The man is a Celtics fan .
The man is having a meal .
a man sleeps
a man is shaving
a man is getting ready for work
The man is walking his cat .
The man is training the dog .
The man is with his dog .
Maids get ready to clean the house .
Upstanding citizens work at a soup kitchen to benefit the hungry .
Several women collaborate to hand out food .
The house has balconies .
The house is by the beach .
The house is single storied .
The woman is outdoors .
The woman is walking on a sidewalk .
The woman is standing in a building .
A man is playing the violin .
A street performer is playing the violin , hoping for donations .
A homeless man has stolen a child 's violin in order to fulfill his fantasy of joining the London Symphony Orchestra .
These two are a married couple .
Two people are near the water .
Two kids are outdoors .
The children are playing basketball .
Two kids enjoy their day at the beach .
People watching hot air balloons inflating .
One person watching a plane prepare for a sky diving trip .
People watching hot air balloons inflating to prepare for a trip .
The girl is wearing a hat .
The girl and woman are inside .
The girl is related to the woman .
A dog is licking his nose .
A brown dog is licking his nose .
A cat is licking his fur .
A cat is hissing at something .
A man and woman are dancing together in the rain .
A man and woman are dancing together .
The dog has his favorite toy next to him as he lay down .
A brown dog is laying on the carpet with a green thing next to it .
The dog is dead .
The girl is going to eat the gingerbread house after she finishes it .
The girl has blonde hair .
The girl has brown hair .
A dog is in front of a waterfall .
A dog is dancing while it rains .
A dog is drinking from a stream .
A car has crashed into a power pole .
The power workers are trying to restore power .
A group of power workers at the site of a plane crash .
The girl is alone in her bedroom asleep .
The girl is wearing jeans .
The girl is touching her friend .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor
Two girls with straight long brown hair sit on the floor
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the spaceship
A man is handing a plastic bag to a group of children .
A group of children receiving a gift .
A man in civilian clothes hands a bag to a group of children .
The man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time .
There are many clouds in the blue sky .
The man and woman are sitting at home .
Two people are exercising outside .
One lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose .
Two people are jogging on a path through a tunnel .
The people are crowded around a street performer .
The people are watching a soccer game .
There is a man walking towards a camera .
There is more than one child .
The children are all sitting down .
The children are playing football .
A man is traveling on public transportation .
A guy fastens his seatbelt before he starts his car .
A guy is headed home after a visit to the doctor 's office .
The man is walking .
The tents do not have anything written on them .
The man works for the campy supply company " Camden " .
Two officers see something suspect .
Two men are eating outside .
Two people are looking at something .
The boy is playing with his friends .
The boy is standing still in the fountain .
There is a boy near a fountain .
A person building a tent
A person leaving a tent with his friends
A person walking away from a tent
The man is riding a sheep .
The man is in a competition for bullriding .
The man is riding a bull .
Two kids are boating in the Indian Ocean .
Two kids are sleeping in bed .
A kid is wearing a life vest .
The two basketball players are talking about an upcoming strategy .
The two basketball players are sitting on the bench .
The two basketball players are conversating .
The man and woman are a couple .
The man and woman are outdoors .
The man and woman are at a skating rink .
father and son watching television at home
a man eating with a young boy on a city sidewalk
father is eating with his son on a city sidewalk
a girl lays next to dominos on monday
a girls lays next to dominos
a bird eats a frog
A toddler and baby play together while their father looks on .
A father holds his two sleeping children .
A man holds two sleeping children .
people take pictures
boy sleeps alone
people posting pics on facebook
These people are photographing a pig on the ground .
The woman never gets any exercise .
The woman is exercising .
The woman is in great shape .
A woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car for instagram .
A brunette woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
A group is playing a song near some TVs .
A rock band is performing in an electronics store .
The school band is walking to band hall .
Woman using her personal computer .
Woman playing World of Warcraft on her computer .
Woman learning to use her personal computer .
Lady showing result of anger on her boss scolding
Young lady busy with her work in office
Lady working in her desk tensely to completed the task
There are three workers
There are three business men
the workers are men
A girl is playing with a Slinky .
The girl is five years old .
The Slinky is black .
A young man competes in the Olympics in the pole vaulting competition .
A young man is pole vaulting .
A young man throws a shotput .
people sit at a bar
people sit around a bus stop
friends sit at a bar
The woman is touching the sign .
The woman has a mullet .
The woman is swimming in her pool .
A police officer stands in front of a crowd .
A police officer teaches two children something .
A police officer stands in front of a crowd that formed after the local team won the championship .
While listening to classical music through her headphones the girl work on her computer
with headphones on the girl used a computer
Working at her Dell Window 7 computer the girl talked on speaker phone with her friend
A boy is school .
A boy goes surfing for the first time .
Child is outdoors .
A man is on a gurney
A man is being taken into the hospital
Zombies are leaving the hospital
A person standing
Nobody is standing
A tall person standing
the children are taking model pictures
there are children near the camera
the children are sleeping in their rooms
The bed is dirty .
The man is on the moon .
The man is dirty .
There is a person and food .
There is a person selling food inside a fancy restaurant .
There is a human selling hot dogs .
There are at least 2 women .
The woman is alone and asleep in her canoe on the moon .
The women are on a stage .
A couple is walking their dog to the market .
A couple is outside with their dog .
A couple is walking their cat to the vet .
People are watching and playing a water polo match .
Kids are competing at a swim meet .
Kids are enjoying a game of water polo .
There is a person in this picture
The corn is chasing the rainbow
The corn came straight from the field by truck
Two people are running together in the stadium .
The two people are competing in a marathon .
The people are laying in the grass at the park .
The man is cooking fish .
The man is sailing a boat .
The man likes to eat fish .
The quarterback is about to be tackled by the opposing team .
The quarterback is a taking photos of the defensive team .
The quarterback quickly trows the ball before he is tackled .
It is a cold day .
The sled is blue .
The kid is on a sugar high .
A cyclist is biking past spectators .
A cyclist is taking a water break .
A cyclist is leading the race .
A young man is running .
A young girl is running to a soccer field .
A young man is running to grab a tennis ball .
A man is a secret agent orange peeler .
A man is reading documents in a binder .
The man looks at a binder .
People are outside .
People are standing in three feet of snow .
People are lounging outside on the scalding beach .
Some kids are playing outside on a playground while their mother is sitting down .
A group of children are playing while their teacher watches them .
A group of children are doing chores inside .
A dog jumping over a wall to chase a cat
Cats are chasing each other with dog eating hats
A dog jumping over a wall
A group of men are cleaning a shoe .
She is the boy 's aunt .
The woman is changing the boy 's diaper .
A woman is playing with a toddler .
A woman crosses a high - wire in a state of complete terror .
the boys were angry
THE grass was green
There are men watching others prepare food
Others look while two men carve a babecued hog
Other look while a man carves beef
They throw the cannonballs away
Their hands are holding something
The flowers are all red
The woman is skipping rocks .
The man is standing near the water .
A woman is close to the water .
The man is singing on the street corner for money .
The man is dancing in the park .
A boy is skipping rope .
A boy is bowling .
A boy is rolling a ball in a hotel hallway .
A young blond girl is riding a bike .
A young blond girl is laying in bed .
A young blond girl is in the lead for a cross country bicycle race .
The little boy is taking the bus to school .
The party boy is playing in a puddle .
The little boy is doing a dance in the puddle .
Girl is preparing for next semester .
Girl in blue chewing on paper .
Girl in red dividing colored tabs .
Two kids are playing tag .
A boy turns his head away as a girl tries to kiss him .
Two kids are dressed for a wedding .
A man is near a structure .
A man is in an art museum .
A man is in outer space .
A boy and girl are kissing .
Some people are sitting on stone steps talking .
A girl is sitting on stone steps in a pink tank top with her boyfriend .
A woman riding around the park on a sunny day
A woman cycling around in the park
A woman jogging around the park
A man with headphones on is standing in a subway .
A man is dancing for tips on the street .
A man listens to music while waiting for the train .
There is a baby in the picture .
The woman is looking out the window .
The woman 's hands are empty .
Two people participate in a wine tasting .
Two people are ingesting alcohol .
Two teetotalers prepare for dinner .
Two men are wrestling at a meet .
Two men walk to their favorite casino .
Two men are wrestling on the floor .
A man is driving a boat .
A man wearing a helmet is cycling .
A man is cycling at a velodrome .
sports team attempts to score
the player tries to score
chess match turns violent
A woman with no hat sits in the stands .
A woman is holding a poster , rooting for her favorite team .
A woman with a hat holding a poster .
A little girl in red .
A man in red .
A little girl in red plays tennis .
A boy is talking to his mom as he rides the camel .
A boy is riding an animal .
A boy is riding on an elephant through the streets .
A woman is having a drink with a friend .
The man is eating dinner with his father .
A man and woman are having drinks in a bar .
Three men are on motorcycles .
A man is receiving a piece of paper .
A man is receiving a contract .
Two dogs swim in the lake .
Two dogs chase each other in the high grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A girl is wearing a blue jacket .
A girl is playing .
A kid is swinging a toy golf club .
Two mimes sit in complete silence .
Two men sitting together .
One man laughs at a funny joke his friend told .
Two men are dancing .
Two men are training in jeet kun do on the gym floor .
Two men are doing martial arts .
A woman is riding a car
A man is riding a horse
A man is seraching for something
The fish is very large .
The woman is hunting for elk .
The woman is fishing .
The jumping lady in slacks also has her hand raised .
The female stadium worker jumps for joy as she leaves her long tiring shift .
The girl wearing a dress skips down the sidewalk .
A man works with an anvil .
A man does his first anvil work .
A woman falls over an anvil .
a woman enjoys red wine
a woman is sleeping
a woman holds a glass
A soldier hands a woman a picture of himself at Disney World .
A soldier hands a woman a picture .
A man loads a gun .
A boy is talking on the phone .
A little boy is playing guitar on stage .
A kid is playing the guitar .
People are partying .
People gather for a conference .
People gather for an event .
The man has kicked the soccer ball towards the goal .
The man is laying on the couch .
The man is outside .
A girl sleeps in her moms lap
Something catches the eye of a man and girl
A man and his daughter watch dogs play outdoors
The woman is walking to buy new clothes .
The woman is walking outside .
The woman is wearing jeans .
There is an older man doing work on the railroad tracks .
There is a woman doing work on the railroad tracks .
There is a man working on the railroad tracks .
A puppy stands in a sand drift near American dune grass .
A basset hound runs by a park bench .
A dog stands in sand near grass .
A group of people are participating in a protest .
Some people are illegally picketing in front of a building .
Some men are helping a woman fix her car .
The people are outside
The men are all friends
Two people work inside .
The group of friends are sitting inside the restaurant .
A group of friends is trying to decide if they want to eat pizza .
The people are outside of the restaurant .
A girl sitting at the edge of a cliff .
A girl climbing a rock face beside a dirt trail outside .
A girl climbing a rock face outside .
Spectators watching a performance .
Spectators watching a group of dolphins perform .
Spectators watching a group of dancers perform .
The woman is walking down the street with high heels .
The woman is outdoors .
The woman running down the street is hispanic .
The man is playing a Christmas concert .
The man is swimming at the beach .
The man is wearing a costume .
A bicyclist rides past an intricately designed church on a pretty day
A bicyclist passes an esthetically beautiful building on a sunny day
A bicyclist rides past an abandoned warehouse on a rainy day
A person in red and black near a brick wall .
A person in red and black falling through the ionosphere .
A person in red and black near a wall .
The men are together .
The men have blonde hair .
The men are going up the stairs .
A newly we d couple sit on the couch
Two brothers sit on the couch
A couple sit on the couch
It is day time
The people are together
The brown dog jumps up and down .
A 40 lb brown dog jumps excitedly for a treat .
A small dog crouches under a porch .
Two guys having a conversation .
Two men playing a game of darts at a bar .
Two men talking business over dinner .
The model is posing for a bicycle advertisement .
Three people are riding bicycles down a lane .
Someone is shooting a photo .
A local is playing an accordion .
He is hoping for tips .
The man is playing a guitar .
A couple walks toward the bikes they will use to get to their picnic .
Several bicycles lie smashed on the ground and a couple stands holding sledgehammers .
Two people are near some bicycles .
The crowd watches a person take off his shirt .
A male stripper performs for a bachelorette party .
The crowd watches a gymnast on the uneven bars .
Two dogs run together through a park , chasing toys as they are thrown .
Two dogs near a lake , while a person rides by on a horse .
Two short haired dogs of different colors drinking by a lake .
The guy is taking a break from the skateboarding competition .
The person is seated on a rock .
The person is walking through a crowd .
People look for a lost dog .
A child plans out his future train empire .
A child plays with a train set .
The children are wearing red and green to practice thier Christmas show .
The children rugby team are playing again after a short rain delay .
The childrens rugby teams , red versus green are playing in the rain .
The man and woman are physically touching each other .
The man and woman are married .
The man and woman jumped 20 ft into the air .
There are five women close to each other .
The women are friends .
The women have their hands by their side .
A group of boys playing basketball .
A group of young baseball players having a championship game .
A few little boys playing baseball outside .
A man rides and ATV .
A man does stunts on a motorcycle .
A man pops a wheely on a track for onlookers .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A girl is riding a roller coaster .
A man is racing on his bike .
two older men prepare to enter a store
two older men stand
two young men play baseball
Women playing a game of field hockey .
Women practicing playing on artificial turf for a game .
Women re - sod a field hockey field .
the goalie quit during the game .
a goalie is doing his job as a goalie .
a goalie is trying to catch the game tying ball .
A woman is in an airport .
A woman is outside .
A woman is outside on a cloudy day .
A man is eating at a local diner .
A man is enjoying playing music for money .
A man is on a street corner .
A man is in a purple bathrobe is inside his home cooking breakfast .
A man is playing an acoustic guitar on the sidewalk while a woman and a man walk down the sidewalk .
A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk and singing .
A guy does stunts on a motorbike .
A man drives a speedboat .
Evil Kneavel shows off for the crowd .
The women is drinking water .
A child is sitting on a bar stool .
A women in black drinks .
The children are playing tag .
The kids are together .
The children are reading books .
The young man gets ready for his overnight stay .
The young man is resting .
The young man gets ready to leave .
Two teams are waiting to see who will win the game .
Two teams are following the movement of a basketball .
Two female teams are leaving the court after a basketball game .
He jumps to the moon
He is on his way to a massage and is running late
Girls ride their skateboards to the store .
Girls ride ATV 's without their helmets .
Girls ride ATVs .
A person in casual clothing is causing two others to be merry .
A couple at a club are laughing at a stand - up comedian dressed like a lumberjack .
A flight attendant is demonstrating airplane safety but no one is paying attention .
A girl is doing work in a classroom .
A boy is scratching his name into his desk .
A girl with a sweater and headband is doing her homework after school .
Nobody is looking
A funny person looking
A person looking
A guy is participating in a wedding .
A man is hitting his wife .
A bride and her father are walking down a church aisle .
A kid straddles a bench
A kid straddles a bench while his brother plays in a doorway
A kid falls off a staircase
Three people are in a boat .
A couple and a guide are whitewater rafting .
Three people are learning to use pogo sticks .
Children are getting hosed down on the grass
Children are playing tag in the grass
Two children are playing with water in the yard
The man is doing tricks .
The man is doing stunts in the countryside for farmers .
There are dogs playing together
some dogs are playing in a ground
Some dogs are swimming in a river
The guy in the suit smoking the cig is on his lunch break .
A women in a bright suite with a cig is talking on the phone .
The guy has on a suit smoking a cig and talking on the phone .
The man cleaning the auditorium is white .
The man is spray painting the walls in the auditorium .
Two people are racing on foot .
Two people drive around a track .
Two people run around a track .
The child is scared to jump in the water .
The child is diving in the pool .
an eagle flies
a man and woman go hiking
a man and woman with backpacks
A woman is giving a presentation at work .
A woman is standing at a podium .
A girl is eating at the cafeteria .
A surfer walks to the hot dog truck .
A surfer catches a wave .
A surfer is riding a tsunami wave .
A woman looking outside .
Two people looking at New York .
Two people are enjoying themselves .
The man is sitting in his warm house .
There is a man on the ground .
The man is sleeping next to his dog .
The girls make paper cranes
The girls hold paper
The girls eat the paper
The midair shot snaps at a boarder of snow .
The camera is on a tripod .
The photographer has a camera .
A man is outside .
A man is outside with a woman .
The man pushes a women on the ground .
The ballerina is sitting down judging the children 's dancing .
A ballerina is teaching kids ballet .
The ballerina is the children 's dance instructor .
Cult members queue up behind their leader .
People are playing basketball .
People line up behind a one other person .
Children playing baseball .
Two children lighting matches in their room .
Two children practicing for a ball game in the park .
People are sitting outside at night .
The sun is shining brightly on the people .
The people are camping in the woods .
The girl is sitting by the fountain .
The girl is wearing a white dress .
The girl is walking the edges on a sunny day .
A woman performs a comedy routine in a club .
An old man plays his violin for tips on the sidewalk .
An old man plays the violin on the sidewalk .
The grafitti is a picture of a mouse .
The woman are by grafitti .
The 2 woman are running .
A man is on his feet .
A disabled man is in a wheelchair .
An elderly man is blocking traffic .
A guy is telling a joke on stage .
A guy is singing a classic rock song on stage along with the audience .
A guy is singing on stage along with the audience .
A hot - air balloon is being operated on .
A hot - air balloon is flying over a mountain range .
A hot - air balloon is being prepared for take off .
He is fishing .
There is a black man fishing .
There is a man by the river .
A man and woman walking down a busy street .
A statue is outdoors in a park .
The baby 's older sibling is very mischevious .
The boy is napping in the highchair .
The baby is in the crib .
Three adults are standing and thinking about space .
Three adults are talking in the playground .
A couple of guys in the playground are talking with the woman about kids .
A man does graffiti .
A man does calligraphy .
A man does Japanese calligraphy .
Two women compete in a speed skating race .
Two friends are trying out for the ice hockey team .
Two girls are near the ice .
A group of people are waiting to enter the club .
A group of people in front of a club .
There are seven people leaving the club .
A baby
A toddler slept
A man puts the sweater he knitted on a dog .
An older man is throwing a stick for his dog .
A man is with an animal .
There is a girl in a harness .
A little girl is riding a bicycle on a tightrope .
The girl in the harness is being rescued from a buring building .
A dog with a ball .
A cat eats tuna .
A dog with his two favorite toys .
The people are walking in a parade .
People are skipping down a street .
Humans beings are ambling down a road .
A man is sitting in a chair pondering life .
A man is sleeping .
A man is sitting down looking at something .
A woman is planting tulips .
A woman is cooking in the kitchen .
There is a woman wearing purple outside .
the street is empty
girls are on the sidewalk
girls are watching boys
The women are friends .
The women are seated in a bistro eating lunch .
There are muliple women outdoors .
The motorcross rider is standing in quicksand .
The motorcross rider is performing in front of an audience .
A person looks at something
There is a person standing outside
A person with long hair looks at the camera
The man is wearing the condom on his foot .
The man is wearing a prophylactic on his head .
The man is using a condom as a mask .
A woman is holding one young children with another standing happily next to her
A woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her
A woman is holding one young chimp with another standing next to her
The mountain is unclimbable for humans .
People are outside climbing .
Kids are working on art .
Girls are playing outside .
Girls are at school .
Three people are drinking beer on a boat .
A group is at the county fair .
Three people are stuffing their faces .
the couple are sitting inside
The couple are together
there is a couple
The dog is outside .
The dog is on the moon .
It is their dog .
The man has walking shoes on .
The man is going for a walk .
The man has a white dress shirt on .
a young man is good at games
a young man is staring at a screen
a young man is running outside
A man sleeping with a red shirt over his eyes .
Two people engaged in conversation .
A sleeping man .
A woman sings .
A man sings .
A woman sings on stage .
a man wearing jeans
the men are inside the church
the woman is white
A man drinks bleach .
A man practices in front of a drum set .
The band 's singer rehearses .
A mom and son enjoying a day on mars
A mom and son enjoying a sunny day
A mom and son enjoying a day
There is a soccer game with 12 players .
There is a basketball game in a cramped space .
There is a soccer game with 12 male players .
The kid is sleeping
A boy is playing in the snow without gloves
The kid is playing outside
Six children are putting on a clown show .
Six children are eating a Thanksgiving meal .
Two children are about to fall out of the ropes .
People are in the check out line .
People are getting money from an ATM .
People are getting free money from a broken ATM .
Someone is looking at a vehicle .
They are driving the vehicle over a bridge .
They are holding a notepad .
There are families eating lunch
There are families playing in a fountain
There are families playing in a fountain at the park
a guy with a skateboard making a jump for the first time
a guy with a skateboard making a jump
a guy on a bike
The brown cap flew off the head of the girl while she was jumping rope .
A mother watches her daughter blow soap bubbles .
There are soap bubbles being blown .
The man and woman are alone .
The dog is walking .
There is a couple .
The man is passing by on his way to the store .
She checks her phone .
A woman in a short - sleeved shirt .
There are girls outdoors
The two girls are less than 5 years old
The girls are watching tv
A boy just got a scooter for his birthday !
A boy is next to a scooter .
A boy is dancing with his friend .
A man helps a woman cross the street .
People are walking along the beach .
People are outside .
Two guys are doing work on a dwelling .
Two men are hitchhiking to New York .
Some men are fixing an old lady 's house .
The presents have all been opened .
A man and woman are sitting around Christmas presents .
Everyone in the photo are related .
A dog playing with a toy .
A dog eating food .
A dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee outdoors .
The coach knows how to play football .
The player was making too many mistakes .
The player already knew what he was doing .
A person is prepaing a meal during the day .
A man is taking a nap on the couch .
A young man is preparing a seafood lunch .
A group of women with flowers .
A group of women with flowers standing in a circle .
A group of women with flowers at a wedding .
A girl is practicing her tennis skills .
A boy is playing tennis .
A girl is playing tennis .
The customers are impressed by the hard work of the waitress .
A waitress is doing her job at the restaurant .
The waitress is sitting in a chair ignoring the customers around her .
A husband and wife play video games together on a couch .
A pair of people play video games together on a couch .
A pair of people walk the dog on the sidewalk .
2 Renaissance fair performers about to tandem juggle
2 people looking at one another
2 men drive a golf cart
The group of people hold up a tire .
The woman monitors this action closely .
The group of people hold up a pole .
They are playing basketball .
They are shopping .
They are cooking a big meal for dinner .
A man is steering his car down the highway .
A man is on a water vehicle .
A man is steering a large yacht down the lake .
Several people are sitting on the grass , watching a crane move heavy blocks .
Several people are walking on a street .
They are walking rapidly away from a crane , which looks like it might tip over .
Men are outdoors .
Father and son get firewood for the winter .
Men cut down a tree in Central Park for their own use .
Two dogs are fighting .
An old man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a yellow maching in smokey air .
A man is working on a machine .
Children at waterpark splashing on hot day .
Little one scores game winning home run .
Boy playing baseball .
A man is walking a herd of animals .
A man just smuggle a herd of camels .
A man is carrying water with his herd of camels .
Seven men sit in meditation in a Buddhist temple .
A child blows up balloons .
Children in the open .
Men doing marching .
Children in a line looking a a building .
Three men are gathered in the living room on the couch .
A bunch of people are gathered around a piece of furniture .
Three men are gathered for their weekly meeting .
A small girl dances ballet .
A small girl dances in the nutcracker .
A young boy plays baseball .
a child was there
the child is sleep
watched by a group
A man is drunk at a concert .
A man is at a concert .
A man is at a football game .
Guy walks by bus .
A guy rides in his car to work .
A guy walks by a bus on his way to work .
A dune buggy drives over sand
One male passenger is wearing a seatbelt .
A dune buggy with one male passenger is racing .
Someone is holding oranges and walking
Someone is juggling oranges
Someone is selling oranges
A cat plays with a ball of string .
A dog plays with a soccer ball .
A dog plays ball .
three guys going to a wedding
three guys in suits
a dog sleeps
People are standing in a hallway .
A girl and boy are wrestling on the front porch .
The boy and girl are holding hands in the hallway .
The woman is being photographed modeling .
The woman is practicing modeling .
The woman is in the bathroom .
Cops film where they found the body
Coast guard records sound waves for their youtube page .
Bob was told the circus would be more fun .
The young girls plays with her cell phone .
A yellow duck being held by a girl .
The clothes on the comforter are covering a big red stain .
Three people are wading in the water by the fountains .
Three men are wading in the water by the fountains .
Five men are swimming in the deep water .
a baby smiling
the baby is asleep
the baby is a girl
A girl is holding some orange flowers at a wedding .
A girls is at her sister 's wedding and holding orange flowers .
A man is painting a house blue .
Three policeman ride on bikes
Three girls sit on bikes
Three policemen patrol the streets on bikes
The boxers are pounding on each other as the ref watches .
The athletes are wrestling .
The wrestler body slams his opponent in order to win the state championship .
Two people sit in a floating tube .
The water is clear blue .
A person works on some concrete
The worker is fixing the concrete structure by welding it back together after the accident
A welder is attaching two pieces of metal to each other
The wave is huge .
The surfer stands tall and does a flip .
A person surfs .
Two people are jumping on a trampoline on a isolated road .
Two humans are walking toward their house .
People are walking outside .
A woman rides her motorcycle to the market .
A man drives his car to the fair .
A person rides a motorcycle on the street .
The boy is weaving a rug in the barn .
The boy is using his hands to weave a rug .
The boy is sleeping .
A youngster is playing in the woods .
A boy is climbing a tree in his backyard .
A boy is milking a cow in the barn .
A young child frowns at the camera .
There is a child smiling for a picture .
There is a redhaired child smiling for a picture .
the boy liked cowboys
they are girls there too
A man reads a text message on his phone .
A man stands around as he looks at his phone .
A man realizes he forgot his cellphone .
The black dog pulls the black rope because the dog rolled in charcoal .
The dog is playing tug of war .
The white dog is trained to pull the rope .
Some people 's are playing basketball in basketball court
Three people 's are playing basketball and holds and ball in their hands
Three people 's are eating in hotel .
A girl washes toys outside .
A boy makes a mud pie .
A girl with her hands in a tub .
Two toddlers play on a pile of leaves .
Two toddlers play on pile of leaves bigger than they are .
Two toddlers are fast asleep in their cribs .
A male is not sitting outside .
A female is walking to the park .
A male is not sitting outside programming his computer .
Two men are practicing their street routine .
Two men are sitting down , watching the game .
The dirt bike rider is running from someone .
The dirt bike rider is on the beach .
The dirt bike rider is riding a dirt bike .
A girl is inside taking a picture .
A girl is outside .
A girl is taking a picture .
the room is empty
a room with pictures
the room is large
They are outside .
The girl likes goats .
The goat is really a spy .
Customers are looking at the door of the cafe .
The doorway to the cafe is littered with trash and debris .
The front door is clear of trash .
Seven people dancing in a nightclub .
People walking in the city
People walking to dinner in the city .
Two people are performing .
A woman is singing a Britney Spears song with her brother
The cow jumped over the couch
The people are celebrating a birthday .
The people are inside .
The people are sleeping in their beds .
A woman is climbing a tree .
A woman is playing a country song on her guitar while her husband in the distance listens .
A woman plays an acoustic guitar under a tree .
A person doing tricks on a bike to impress their friends .
A person outside with a bike .
a person climbing a sign to spray paint it
a person outside
a man fishing
Two men drop off their friend at her house .
Two men sitting near a woman .
The kids are sitting down .
They are playing a game .
Three kids are running .
There is a person sitting under a large tree .
The person seeks shelter from the rain .
There is an umbrella and a person on a beach .
The boat is a fishing boat .
The boat is sinking
There 's a dock
A man has black and white hair
The man is bald
The man is a serial killer
The men are professional performers .
The men are underwater .
The men are close to fire .
Two men read the paper at a cafe .
Two people converse at a table .
A blonde woman sits with her legs crossed .
the people are running
The people play pool
THe friends play pool
A woman destroys a sand painting .
A man is making art .
A man makes his first sand painting .
There is a crowd
There is a crowd watching the football players win
There are people watching football on tv
The man is being watched .
The man is indoors .
Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes .
A pair of people are in the alleyway .
A couple practice their jazz dance routine in the alleyway .
A pair of dancers are sleeping on the sidewalk .
A snowboarder falls
A biker goes on to the last lap of the trail
A biker races on the trail
The monks are running down the dirt trail .
The monks are looking for new recruits .
The monks are dressed in their robes enjoying the big city .
A man enjoys the outdoors on a rainy day .
A motor - cross rider watch TV on his motorcycle .
A man participcating in race .
The girl is blind .
The girl wants what the mannequin is wearing .
A girl is in front of a window .
A man wrapped in a blanket is shivering outside .
A man is folding his blanket inside .
A man is holding a blanket outdoors .
Some men sleep .
Some men are playing a game outside .
Some men are playing a game .
The quarterback throws the football to the wide receiver .
A man throws a football .
The player throws the baseball to the umpire .
A man wears a green mask that turns him into a superhero .
A man wears a green mask .
A man wears a mask .
The band 's lead singer performs .
A woman sings .
A woman fires a gun .
The woman in black is walking through a rainstorm with her umbrella .
The woman in black is dancing in the rain without an umbrella .
The woman in black is walking home from a funeral in the rain with her red umbrella .
A cat is jumping in the air .
A dog jumps toward the water .
A dog is fetching a bone .
Two people are sitting next to each other .
A couple is walking in the park .
A couple is holding hands .
People are wearing white uniforms .
People in white are doing a magic show in the street .
Dogs in costumes are juggling in the street .
A man is reading
The jacket is brown
The jacket is fleece
Three men are in a crowd
Three men talk while laying down
Three men discuss politics in a crowd
Two men running in a race .
Two men wearing tags displaying their race numbers
Two men playing soccer in the park .
A person has some fruit .
A person is wearing a flat hat .
A man has some bananas .
Kids are making mud in a pistal .
The kids are playing football
THe children are playing .
Ten young men perform an interpretive dance at the beach .
A number of boys are airborne at the beach .
A group of young men lay on their bellies at the beach .
The men are walking to their cars in silence .
The older men are visiting with each other .
The older men are talking about their wives .
a woman is sitting in a lawn chair
an older man is sitting in a lawn chair
a man is sitting in a lawn chair
Three women dance in front of a large crowd
Three men tapdance in front of people
Three women dance in front of protesters
A woman rides a bike in front of a crowd
A man rides a bike in front of a crowd
A woman narrowly avoids hitting some pedestrians
The crowd of people are heading to a sporting event .
It is the evening .
The crowd of people are running .
People are going to a wedding .
People are naked .
People are going to a family wedding .
The woman is putting tanner on herself .
The woman is a makeup artist .
The woman is putting makeup on the woman in black .
A man is at a booth .
The man is walking outside .
The man is taking an order on the phone .
The man that gets kicked shrieks in pain .
The man kicks the umpire .
One man kicks another in the groin .
A young boy is sitting outdoors .
A young boy is playing in a pile of leaves .
A young boy is standing indoors .
A man is looking for a place to live .
A person is walking outside .
A man is lying down in the park .
A man is ice skating .
A man is reading outdoors in a big city .
A man is reading outdoors .
A gentleman wearing a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A man in a blue shirt is sitting in the rain .
A man in a beige trench coat walks quickly in the rain with his dog .
A brother and his sister are walking .
Two women are standing still talking .
Two people are walking .
The student is a chemistry major .
The female student worked on the experiment .
The student was wearing a wolf t - shirt .
Two people are walking together .
There are no people walking .
Two people are walking together to the park .
The girl is lighting a fire to roast marshmallows .
The woman is praying .
The woman and girl are sleeping .
Two men are hiking outdoors .
Two men are in a kayak .
Two men are hiking on a sunny day .
A man cuts his hair .
A woman washes dishes in the river while camping .
A woman washes dishes .
Two people are having drinks
A couple is out on a date
Two people are slapping each other
Three sisters , barefoot in pretty pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to 90
A man transports his crops from the field
A woman transports her crops from the fields
A woman transports food from the fields
A young man is picking up his girlfriend for a date .
A man is beating his friend in a snowboarding race .
A human being is snowboarding and doing tricks .
a blue canoe in front of some plants
a blue canoe inside of some plants
Cowboys are competing at the rodeo .
People are riding horses .
The horses are running off without riders .
A bunch of people are in a busy area .
A bunch of people are walking in a mall .
A bunch of people are walking in a field .
Three men are driving motor scooters .
Four women are driving an all terrain vehicle .
Four women are riding an ATV on a mountain .
A cat is numbered six
The dog is in midair
The six is green
The young man standing on the dirt bike is performing a stunt .
A young man takes a helicopter to work .
The young man stands on the pedals of his dirt bike .
People are walking outside .
A woman walks her children home from school .
A man walks his children home from school .
The girl has several toys .
The person playing with hula - hoops is male .
The girl has a ponytail .
A man walks through the football stadium draped in a Canadian flag .
A man is wearing a Canadian flag in the crowd .
A girl in a long dress is walking through the crowd .
The man is playing the tuba .
The man is playing an instrument .
The man is serenading a couple at a restaurant .
A person is waiting at a table .
A woman is standing on top of the table dancing around .
A woman is getting ready to enjoy a 5 course meal .
The dogs are black .
The dogs are resting indoors .
The temperature is below zero .
A man is trying to win a game
A man catches a football
A man punts a football
A Little girl is enjoying cake outside .
Little girl is having a birthday party .
A little girl is playing in the basement .
The couple is biking through Central Park .
The two cyclists are outdoors .
The two people are taking a stroll through a museum .
Bob walked into the store .
Lucy was at the library .
Bob was shopping .
The people are standing up .
There is people outside .
The people are tailgaiting .
They were glad to watch .
She made a great dive .
She was climbing a mountain .
A man exercises outdoors .
A man hides his bald spot under a hat .
The sun glints off of a hiker 's bald head .
A woman is eating a donut .
A woman wearing a blue jacket is drinking tea .
A woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants is drinking tea .
There are people covering up a hole that someone is stuck inside of .
People are outside digging a hole .
People are using shovels and trowels to dig a hole .
The man lost the game
The man plays poker
The man swimming
The women went to the parade but no one took their picture .
A trio of women get their picture taken .
Three young women are dressed for the parade .
The four young people hate their teacher
The man is excluded from the conversation
The four old men talk about grapes
Two men are competing for the last spot on the basketball team .
Two men are playing dodge ball .
Men are playing a sport together .
The hiker heard a noise .
The hiker is outside .
The hiker is swimming in a pool .
A woman is a DJ for a party in a submarine .
People are pointing at a Middle - aged woman .
A middle - aged woman is trying to make younger people laugh by pretending to be a DJ .
A kid is alone .
A kid is with a woman .
A child is with their mother .
A women exercising at the beach .
A women taking a nap at the lake .
A women in black at the beach .
a women is making a sand castle
the women is playing in the snow
a women is helping a kid make a sand castle
The bus driver is fast asleep behind the wheel .
The elderly driver opens the bus doors .
The elderly black driver opens the bus doors .
A person playing an instrument outside .
An old man playing an instrument for a bunch of boyscouts at an outdoor concert .
A man sitting on the couch reading a book .
There is no one watching the man .
The man is performing .
The man is doing magic tricks .
A kid jumps a bike over a dirt ramp .
Someone rides a bicycle while wearing a helmet .
A person rides a bike on a sidewalk without a helmet .
A man is enjoying his trip .
No one is on a canoe .
A man is on a canoe .
Two giraffes sing a song together .
Toddlers are in the room with toys .
Several toddlers are in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .
Two race car drivers are waiting for the award ceremony to end
Two race car drivers are swimming on a beach
Two race car drivers are on stage
A woman paints .
A man is painting .
A man is is enjoying painting .
There are 2 people in this picture , as well as a two - wheeled vehicle .
The pair have motorcycled down Rt . 1 in CA and are enjoying a quick meal before heading back up the road .
The two people run as quickly as they can for shelter as the storm picks up and begins swirling all around them .
Two brothers fishing together for the first time in decades .
Two guys get ready to fish .
A woman makes a low country boil .
A person is taking a little girl with a toy from an Airman .
A marine is dancing with kids and their toys .
A soldier has just saved a little girl and her toy .
A young child playing alone .
A young child jumping on trampoline .
A young child playing outdoors .
A man is in competing in a bicycle trick competition .
Someone performing a jump with a bicycle .
A person is sleeping in a hammock .
A group of workers walk to their downtown jobs .
Musicians play a concert on a busy street .
Several folks stroll through the city .
A child washes his hands in the kitchen before having dinner .
The child uses soap to wash his hands .
The young child makes faces at his teacher .
The man is hiking up the side of the mountain to save his friend who got stuck at the top .
The man takes a nap while hiking .
A man is outdoors hiking .
The girl is bored .
The girl is standing .
The dress is blue .
A girl sits on a vehicle .
The girl is riding on a truck .
A girl is using a tractor to get a better view .
A race car is is driving on a paved road .
A race car is driving on a dirt track .
A race car is turning a corner on a dirt track .
A women in in a room that has food .
A woman is sitting at a bar eating a hamburger .
A woman holding a plate is waiting in line for the food table .
A bride is taking wedding pictures .
A groom is riding a horse .
A bride is taking pictures at a barn .
Someone holding their baby is smiling while sitting down .
A woman sitting at church and holding a baby .
A father is holding his baby at church .
A dog is trying to get a ball back for his master .
A brown dog is eating meow mix from a hole .
A dog is trying to get his toy back .
A man begins to get nervous while waiting for his date to arrive .
A man is standing by himself outside of an office building .
The man is sitting at the table .
Kids are playing a soccer game .
A girl is running towards the camera kicking a soccer ball away from other kids .
A man is making a candy sculpture out of peppermints .
A famous singer is autographing a fan 's guitar .
Two people are next to a guitar .
A man is signing a book for a fan .
A guy rides a lawn mower in the grass .
A young man wearing blue clothes pushes a lawn mower through a field .
A guy pushes a machine through the grass .
The blue jacket is a life jacket .
The kid is swimming in the deep ocean .
The kid is at the beach .
The kids all have food on their plates .
Kids are sitting in six of the eight chairs .
Half of the children are male .
The woman is alone and asleep in the car on the moon .
A woman is touching the man .
The woman is wearing high heels .
A group of bald men outside
A group of humans standing outside
A group of muslims standing outside
The little girl is planting her first flower .
The little boy is planting his first worm .
The little girl is excited .
The toy is wooden
The toy is drilling a person with electricity .
The person is making a hole .
A girl is riding a horse .
A girl is racing with her horse with her brother .
A girl is walking her dog down the street .
A person is riding a horse .
A person is riding a show horse for a competition .
A person is riding a donkey through the sands of the desert .
The girls are at school .
The girls are outdoors .
The two girls were happy at the amusement park
The two girls were home watching television and feeling sad
On the amusement park ride there were two girls smiling and laughing
People waiting for a picture to be taken .
A movie director sleeping on a couch .
The man and woman are dating .
A man and woman are walking .
The man and woman are sitting .
A football player scores a touchdown .
A player is winning a baseball game .
A player crosses home at a little league baseball game .
A car partially sticking out of water .
A man drives his car .
Someone wrecked their car a long time ago .
A dog carries a bone .
A dog carries a snowball .
A dog carries a snowball to give it to his owner .
The dog is catching a Frisbee .
The dog is playing catch with a stick .
A dog and owner are playing Frisbee outside .
a man on a boat
The young man is looking at his mobile device .
a man gets an important text while jogging
The young man has an Apple mobile device .
a man in jogging pants checks his device
The young man is playing basketball .
There is a woman with two girls .
There is a man with his daughters .
There is a mother with her daughters .
many people are waiting in a store
an elevator being serviced
home depot is making everybody wait for no reason
A restaurant gets slammed for dinner and has two waiters working that day .
People in a busy restaurant .
A restaurant prepares for a busy day .
People on vacation at the beach .
People sitting on the beach .
Three dogs and a person are sitting in the snow .
A boy is hula hooping and having fun on a nice day .
A boy is playing a clarinet .
A boy is hula hooping while a man is behind him .
Women play volleyball fully covered .
Women play volleyball in the olympics .
Women play volleyball .
A man is sweeping in the street to get ready for the parade .
A man is cleaning the street .
A man is using his vaccuum to clean the street .
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his giraffe
Male in brown leather jacket and tight black slacks , looking down at his phone
Somebody who is depicted is wearing a costume from a movie .
It is Halloween in the photo .
Everybody that is visible is the exact same age .
The woman is wearing all denim .
A woman in a dress is standing in front of a line .
Her dress is dark blue .
The woman is about to ingest food
The woman is running in a marathon
The woman is at a restuarant
Two penguins making a snowman .
Two kids making a snowman .
Two brothers making a snowman .
A man is singing his girlfriend 's favorite song as she watches .
A man is singing a song .
A man playing a guitar for a small crowd .
The man is old
The man is young
The horse is rearing
People line up at the temple .
A ancient temple is evacuated .
People leave the ancient temple .
The child is playing hopscotch .
A child is playing .
A child is jumping off the step and into a puddle .
The dog has small ears .
The dog has big ears .
The dog is playing fetch .
A man is on a skateboard .
A man is on a motorbike .
A man is in a motorbike race against others .
The woman is eating a hotdog in the middle of her bedroom .
The woman is wearing a beret .
The woman is outdoors .
Old man stands with a blanket on his shoulder .
Old man squats against a wall .
Old man finds the perfect spot to take a nap .
A dog is trying to peel an orange in the water .
A dog holds an object in the water .
A dog holds a life jacket in its mouth in the water
Nobody is kicking .
A funny human kicking .
A human kicking .
The friends are sitting in a coffee shop .
Four people are skiing
Four men are racing down a mountain on skis while wearing colorful red vests .
Girls standing at a whiteboard in front of class .
Girls in line for the bathroom .
A women and a man are talking to each other on a boat .
A women and a man are dancing on the boat together .
A women and a man are sitting on a boat
The couple looks on as their bike gets stolen .
A couple is having there bike stolen .
A couple is giving a man a bike as a gift .
A sad girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
A boy in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind him .
A person in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
A man is selling things on the street .
An artist is showing off his creations .
A man is hanging artwork inside a museum .
A person is eating a cheeseburger on a bike .
A person is performing tricks in front of a crowd .
A person is riding a vehicle .
A bald man holds a cigarette .
A man holding a cigarette .
A man holding a Camel cigarette .
A boy cooking on a grill for a family gathering .
A grill which a boy is cooking on .
A boy sleeping under a tree .
Two unarmed men are held hostage by an empty handed old man .
Two soldiers carry weapons .
Two soldiers order an elderly warlord to surrender .
A lady is feeding a group of pigeons .
A lady in blue has birds around her .
A brown - haired lady is riding a horse .
A man winds yarn into balls
A woman winds yarn into a balls next to a pile of balls
A woman winds yarn to help pay her rent
The girls sleep .
Girls dance together .
The girls and boys dance .
A woman is sitting and playing the violin .
a woman is playing a piano .
A woman is playing an instrument .
Two men are talking as their wives make dinner in the kitchen .
Two men are fixing their wives a romantic dinner for Valentine 's Day .
Two guys are fixing a meal in the kitchen .
two women sing opera
a smelly man plays guitar
a guy plays music while others look away
A band is practicing in front of an empty room .
People are listening to a concert .
People are enjoying a rock concert .
A emergency staff tends to a situation .
Fire fighters are battling a fire safely behind a cement wall .
Four people are watching television next to the wall .
A man is outdoors .
A man is playing basketball in the park .
A man is taking a nap in bed .
The two teams are wearing different colors .
Two teams are refusing to play each other naked .
The two teams are playing in the super bowl .
Two men are outside .
A man just finished cutting down a tree .
Two men are indoors playing checkers .
Three females are on an airplane .
Three women are outdoors .
Three botanists are collecting things for research .
A basketball player is destroying the ball .
A female basketball player is dribbling
A female basketball player is going on the court .
There are people surfing in a competition .
A surfer watches as his friend is eaten by a large shark .
There are people surfing .
A guy is working on a train .
A man is doing work on a black Amtrack train .
A guy is driving to work .
A man dressed in a dark shirt with overalls is squatting down on gravel as he works on a railroad care .
A man in a dark shirt with overalls squatting down on gravel while working on a railroad car
Several men wearing overalls are working on a railroad car while knelling on gravel
A man standing in a room is pointing up .
A man is sitting outside .
A man is teaching in a room .
The men are playing hide and go seek .
The workers are both inside the manhole .
A worker is looking out of a manhole .
Children are walking .
The people are adults .
The trail is wide .
A boy is sitting in the sand .
A boy is sitting on a sofa at home .
A boy is outdoors .
A young woman is holding a bike while a young man is holding a skateboard .
A young woman and young boy are holding hands .
A young woman and young boy are posing for a photo with their skateboard and bike .
Several dogs are chasing frisbees in a grassy field .
The dogs are eating their dinner in the kitchen .
Several dogs are playing outdoors .
Two men are sleeping .
Two women are sleeping .
The men are homeless .
The man is wearing green .
The man knows how to make animals out of balloons .
The man was a clown for many years .
Two men listen to music .
Two men listen to Nine Inch Nails through headphones .
Two men play with yo - yos .
A woman is angry at the baby .
A woman is smiling at her child .
A woman is outdoors .
a woman is on her way to work
a woman is shopping by fisher 's popcorn
a woman is sitting in a cafe
The woman has been shopping earlier that day .
The sunglasses are being worn because the woman thinks they look good , or that they protect her from the sun .
The woman is sitting at home .
The young boy is outdoors .
The young boy is watching TV .
The young boy is running .
A person stands on a beach in Hawaii
A man stands on Mt. Washington .
A person stands on a mountain .
the man is actually a woman .
the man is well dressed .
the man is at a party .
The goalie is sitting in the highest bench of the stadium .
The goalie is standing by the net as the soccer game takes place .
The goalie will try to stop any balls that the other team may try to score on his team .
Two men are fishing .
Two men are fishing for tuna .
Two men are hunting deer .
A man stands in front of a ladder .
A man floats up a ladder .
A man is getting ready to climb up a ladder .
The book is old .
The woman is singing .
A woman is reading a book .
The little boy is the man 's son .
The man is kinda husky .
The man is holding his daughter .
indain woman playing cricket with white woman
indian women playing musical chairs with white woman in out door
indain woman playing very well in musical chairs
A woman wearing a hat is selling goods to feed her family .
A woman is selling goods while wearing a hat .
A woman is in a bar drinking beer .
A festival displays two men dressed up in red makeup and costume , while an older man has some cream on his face .
Two men are dressed in makeup
The couple just filed for divorce .
The cat is walking .
The cat is enjoying its newspaper .
The cat has no owner .
The boys have chocolate sprinkles on their ice cream .
The boys are asleep in their beds .
The boys are eating .
A bike is going fast .
A bike is racing a cheetah .
The bike is not moving .
Children play on the grass surrounded by bright colors .
Children sit inside on a rainy day .
Children celebrate color .
People are participating in a tribal dance demostration .
People are dancing in the street .
A cat is sleeping in a tree .
Two man is dancing on the street .
A couple is dancing on the street .
A well dressed man and woman is dancing .
A woman is eating seafood .
A woman in sunglasses is taking a stroll in the park .
A woman is eating .
A woman kisses her fiance .
A man brushes his teeth .
Two people kissing .
A girl and a boy are running with toys .
One girl is showing another her Barbie collection
Two girls are watching dolls .
A kid is playing in the snow .
A child in winter gear is hiding from his friends in a cave made of snow .
A child in shorts is playing with stones .
A girl is pointing at the picture .
A dark - haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at the picture while sitting next to a boy wearing a purple shirt and jeans .
The guy broke his keyboard .
Two kids are playing outside .
Two young children riding on a bike .
Two young children are going to the park .
two women play water polo
a pair of fencers practice together
two people slash violently at each other
Humans are moving fast .
People are sleeping in bed .
People are having an anti - abortion rally on a two lane road .
The girls eat their lunch at the park .
Two guys both wearing long sleeve white shirts flirt with each other .
Guys wearing white shirts play around by the park .
A woman carries her young son on her back .
A man is holding his friend .
A man is on the back of his friend in the swimming pool .
Women are trying to show off for their spouses .
Women in dresses climb lobster piles .
Women in bathing suits climb rock piles .
two women are about to dive into the ocean
two women are outside
two women sit on a mountaintop
A person is on vacation .
A person is in the hospital .
A person is carrying a canoe .
A man saves money by hitching a ride on a garbage truck .
A man catches a lift on a garbage truck .
A woman brushes her teeth .
A group of people are eating mud soup .
A group of people sat around eating dinner .
A group of people are filling their belly with food .
Man lays on something .
Man lays is exhausted after running 3 miles .
Man takes a nap on his couch .
The man is holding the woman around her waist .
The man and woman are seated separately , facing each other .
The woman and man are resting together in an armchair .
a human outside
a golfer teeing off at the masters
a man shoveling snow
The motorcycle ride is on a straight road .
The motorcyclist is turning .
The motorcycle rider is male .
The child is in front of benches .
The person is sleeping .
The child is playing with a jack - in - the - box in the park .
The young woman is taking a break in the grass from walking the dogs
The dogs are standing around a crosslegged woman on the grass .
The woman is on the couch with the dogs .
A man in an army jacket is following a woman in a pink dress .
A man is following a woman in a red shirt to her car .
A man and a woman are walking outside .
The football player is drinking water on the bench .
The football game is the first of the season .
A football player is wearing blue and yellow .
a couple pose together
two men stand inside a cafe
two people stand together outside
Surfer in red catches a wave .
Surfer wipes out on large wave .
The dog is surfing on the wave .
The person is in a surfing competition .
A person is surfing .
A thin woman glares at you over her salad .
A man looks from behind an Indian buffet .
A man looks from behind a buffet .
A black dog runs through the grass carrying its toy .
The dog is playing fetch .
A white dog is sitting under a tree .
The man stood next to the bench .
The man waited for the bus relaxed on the bench .
The man relaxes on a bench .
Asian people getting married by the beach .
There are asian people outside .
Two old ladies reading the newspaper .
the guy is on the excavator
the orange is being peeled
this guy is on the excavator for his job
the people are at the motel sleeping
four people dining
the people are coworkers
a child eats cheerios
a child wishes he had milk
a child sits in a chair
People gathered in woods .
Miners work hard at gathering coal .
People picking apples .
A soccer player is kicking a ball .
A volleyball player is hitting a ball .
A volleyball player spikes a ball on the beach .
The male is surfing on his day off .
The man is cooking all wheat pancakes .
The male is cooking food .
The teenage boy is taking his cat for a walk beside the water .
The child and dog are enjoying some fresh air .
The child and dog are hoping for some ice cream later .
The teen is Asian
The game is Final Fantasy
The teen is happy
A rowboat is out on the water with a man standing in it .
The man is pedaling a bicycle along the pier .
The man is a professional fisherman .
Two dogs are inside a fence .
Two dogs sleep inside a fence .
Two puppies run around inside a fence .
The oven has pies in it .
The oven has turkeys in it .
The man cooking has oven mits on .
A woman is sitting in a cafe eating lunch .
A woman is walking outside .
A woman is watching a plane fly overhead .
The dog is fast
The dog is light colored
the Dog is black
A biker forgets to sign up for the race .
People cheer on the bikers .
Two bikers compete in a marathon for a charity .
the baby is tired
a baby cries while getting their diaper changed
the baby is eating
The girl has a black hat on .
The girl has a hat on .
The girl just got the hat for her birthday .
The person staring has no vision .
A person is leering at another .
A person is staring at a girl he think he recognizes .
The woman is changing the sheets on her bed .
The woman is trying on a new dress .
The person is amused .
The girl is at a water park .
The girl goes down a water slide .
No one is sliding down a water slide .
The man is in a baseball uniform .
The man is in a city .
The old man is a monk .
People are shopping .
People are shopping for groceries .
A woman is swimming in the ocean .
A couple of people are inside and not standing .
A married couple is waiting for a train .
A jazz trio is giving a performance in the White House .
There are some kids in this picture
They are diving for coins on the bottom of the pool
They are playing in a sand box
Two ladies out in the daytime
Two women read a sign for directions
Two women use umbrellas keep themselves dry from the rain
Women in Japan take shelter from the rain
two men bask in the sunlight
Two women stand in the rain
A woman trying on a pair of black knee high stiletto boots .
A woman having lunch after spending the day shopping .
A woman in a restaurant .
There is only a single color displayed instead of an image .
There is an image here .
No image can be seen .
A man works on a computer while two people sit and chat about business .
A bear is working on a computer while two people sit and gawk .
The two people sat and chatted for a bit while the IT guy removed the virus .
A boy is sledding on his red sleigh
A boy is sledding
A boy is surfing
two men waiting to play soccer
two men waiting for the bus
two men waiting to play soccer in May
A woman is playing with her dolls .
A woman is spending time with her cats .
A woman is encouraging two cats to interact with one another .
The young woman is sleeping in bed .
A female with clothes on is on a moving vehicle , waving her hands left to right in the air .
A young woman dressed as a princess is waving to the crowd in the Macy 's parade .
A young woman is holding a gun .
A young woman is happily holding a newborn .
A young woman is holding a newborn .
Three young men watching a tennis match on a screen outdoors , because their brother is playing .
Young men watch a tennis match on a screen outdoors .
Three men enjoy a football game on a plasma indoors .
a lot of people are flying kites .
one person is flying his kite .
a lot of kids are dlying kites on easter .
The car is green .
The bundle is black .
The roof is high in the air .
The man is alone in the bathroom .
The man is a race car driver .
The man is near the car .
The man is breaking into the house .
The man in the outfit is a repairman .
A man wearing a yellow outfit was repairing something on the corner of the house .
the girl was completely lost
the girl rode the horse on the ride
a little girl rides on the merry - go - round
A homeless woman sleeps under the protective gaze of the Blessed Mother .
A person sleeping on a cardboard box below a picture of religious icons .
A homeless man suffering from hypothermia in the ruins of a burned building .
The man is singing in front of a live audience .
The man is trying his best not to drop the bottle of wine .
The man is hiding his face with the box on his head .
There is a dance party on the boat .
This person is early for the boating race .
People like to go boating .
Clean shaven youths are wearing formal prom attire .
People are wearing disguises .
Two actors dress to play a part in a neighborhood theater play .
A blonde female is reaching into a golf hole while holding two golf balls .
The blonde woman is playing golf .
THe blond woman is sitting down .
Five people in the rain on a path
Five people are seated
Five people on a path
people are dressed for halloween
a man in a suit sits alone
people are dressed in costume
The man is delivering the box to the old lady in the parking lot .
The man is carrying the box to his car .
On a fall day , a man walks toward a truck holding a box .
Dogs swim in the ocean .
Two brown dogs shake themselves dry at the beach .
Two dogs shake off water to get dry .
The skier is winning a competition .
The man is water skiing .
A skier is doing tricks .
A man reading the paper while drinking cafe .
A man playing ice hockey .
A man starring at a piece of paper .
A man teaches his daughter to ride a horse .
A boy considers college .
A boy thinks .
A cop is standing on a train on his way to work ..
A man is standing on the train .
A cop is handcuffing someone .
A young snowboarder sips hot chocolate in the cabin .
A snowboarder jumps through the air and does tricks .
A snowboarder is out snowboarding .
A mean dog is wearing a muzzle to keep it from attacking cats .
A dog is wearing a green muzzle on blue grass .
A brown dog is wearing a muzzle .
The woman is performing for an audience .
The woman has her eyes open .
A woman is making music .
The man is using his nail gun to attach paper tar to his roof .
The man on a merry go round .
The building he is on is colored blue .
A construction worker is eating a sandwich during his lunch break .
A construction worker drives the nail into the kitchen wall .
A construction worker drives into a nail .
A group of basketball players swimming together .
A group of water polo swimmers having a water polo match .
A group of water polo swimmers swimming together in the pool .
The drummer is performing .
The drummer is playing his set for an audience at an event .
The drummer is playing poker .
A man is wearing a a heavy snow coat .
A man is eating icecream .
a man is outside snowboarding down a hill .
A man is wearing a white robe around his house .
A man is walking to a job interview .
An older and younger man are together .
Two men sit on a bench with their backs together .
One man is dressed up for a night out while the other is not .
A woman preparing vegetables .
A woman preparing vegetables for stir - fry .
A woman at home .
The two people are looking at motorcycles .
The two people are looking at cars .
The two people looking at motorcycles are planning to buy one .
Students watch their school 's mascot .
The tiger mascot is all alone .
People watch a tiger mascot .
A food vendor is in the park .
The park is empty .
The vendor is selling hot dogs .
The woman is inside the store browsing .
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is outside of the store .
The woman is texting her boyfriend .
The crowd is astonished .
The man is skating backwards for the crowd .
The man is showing off .
The girl is wearing a green striped dress .
The girl is racing her sister .
The girl is running .
A football player throws a touchdown pass .
A soccer player holds the soccer ball .
A professional soccer player holds the soccer ball .
The man is reading for children .
The man is talking to himself in the mirror .
The man is reading .
Volleyball players in red are beating the other team .
Guys are playing volleyball .
Women are rollerblading .
A person is throwing things .
A woman with athletic ability is targeting carrots with blades .
A woman is skiing .
A woman throwing a spear towards a target .
A woman participating in a spear throwing contest .
A woman shooting a bow at a painted pumpkin target .
A man is looking at the graffiti .
A man walks past some graffiti .
The man is painting the street .
The people lining the street are family members .
The people riding bikes are running from the police .
There are people riding bikes in a marathon .
three women in snowsuits eat a racoon
three women dance in belly dancing costumes
three women wear belly dancing costumes
Women hate shopping .
The women came back from a shopping mall .
Some women go shopping , while men stay at home .
A guy is on a boat by the shore fishing .
He is sleeping on the boat .
A guy is on a boat by the shore .
A fisherman heading home for the night .
A whale eating a fisherman .
A person in a boat .
Eight girls in dresses are playing basketball .
Boys are playing basketball .
Two different teams are playing basketball .
There is a soccer game today .
The soccer players are casually kicking the ball down the street .
The soccer players are being told what they did wrong .
A sedan is parked near a school .
A vehicle is on the street .
A car is driving off a cliff .
A boy hangs from a rack .
A boy is hanging onto a purple clothing rack .
A girl stands near a clothing rack ,
A toddler is playing inside the house .
A toddler is playing outside .
A toddler is enjoying the sunny weather .
Two men are playing basketball .
The men are on different teams .
The men are playing soccer .
The man is the goalie .
The man is playing the guitar at the concert .
The man is is near the ball .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut .
A man in a black coat is covered in powdered sugar .
A naked man eats a doughnut .
A woman sits outside .
A woman sits and relaxes .
A woman leaps from a balcony to the ground below .
A car is driving on the highway towards the country - side .
A car is driving across the bridge on it 's way to work .
A car is driving across a bridge .
The man is wearing yellow .
The man is jumping off something .
The man is jumping off a cliff .
A person is dancing .
A person stands on two feet .
A person is kicking .
A dog is swimming towards a stick .
A man on a lake is learning how to waterboard slowly .
A man is moving on the water .
Sisters talk to each other in the middle of the lot
Two women near cars talk in the middle of the lot
Two men talk in the middle of the lot
A graffiti artist made an urban tag sign for a local warehouse .
Letters on a building .
A neon sign on a new building .
Men are fixing the pipes .
People are ruining the red pipes .
People working on white pipes .
A man is on his cellphone .
A man is talking to his wife on his cellphone .
A man throws his cellphone to the ground .
A baby in a bib is making funny faces at the camera .
A baby spits up all over his bib .
A baby girl in a bib makes a funny face at her mom 's camera .
Fruit characters decorate this child 's bib
The child is secretly a 50 year old man
The child is at a picnic
Two people in a park walking
Two people driving cars
Two people in a race
A girl is playing the violin .
A girl loves to get made up .
A girl is musical .
A person is climbing .
A man is climbing .
A person is walking on the beach .
A small girl bounces on a pogo stick .
A man on a bicycle struggles as the comes to the end of a race .
A man is riding a bicycle .
The man is sailing a boat .
The man is riding a bike in sand .
The man is riding in a bike race .
The person is riding a bicycle .
The person is wearing black .
The person has a helmet on .
The Stanley Cup from 2013 .
Tiger Woods gets a hole in one .
the players are playing for the championship
the bird is red
the players are playing a game
A puppy is eating food .
A baby is crying for it 's mother .
A baby is unhappy .
The children are inside .
The children are outside .
The children are going home .
A man is on the street corner .
A man got shot on the street corner .
A man is waiting for the boss on the street corner .
Two men are inside .
Two guys are exhausted after making love .
A woman watches TV .
the lady is ice skating
the lady in the orange shirt is eating her lunch
the lady in the orange shirt is eating
Two dogs are playing outdoors
Two dogs are biting each other while fighting and growling
Two dogs are playing .
An audience making noise at a concert .
An audience making noise at a Weezer concert .
An audience sitting in a room quietly listening to poetry .
A woman and three men .
A woman selling roses , a police officer , two men shopping in a wholesale store .
A dog sits alone next to a swimming pool .
A person is helping pull someone else up a cliff .
Two people are climbing a cliff .
Two men are standing on a beach looking up at a cliff .
Nobody has a shirt
A funny person in a shirt
A person in a shirt
People are around a fire
The elephant sits on a dog
They are making smores
The boy does n't like playing basketball
The boy is smiling
The boy scowls
An arms dealer selling his wares outside of police station by cleverly disguising the assault rifles as ordinary bananas .
A vendor selling bananas .
A fruit vendor selling his wares on a sunny day .
A tall person with pants
Nobody has pants
A person with pants
The man is sitting down .
The man is wearing a hat .
The man is making the crowd laugh .
The dog is outdoors .
The dog is sleeping .
The dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
There are people outdoors doing a canoe competition
There are people indoors watching others canoe
There are people outdoors
A skateboarder shows off a trick during a skate competition .
A girl rides her tricycle through the neighborhood .
The skateboarder goes down the railing .
A bride tidies her groom .
The bride fixes her husband 's tie .
The bride and groom are posing for a cute photograph .
Two women are jogging in the park .
Some runners are competing in the Olympics .
There are runners on a track .
A man slips a box of cereal in his shirt .
A man is selecting cereal in a grocery store .
A man is wondering what cereal to buy his children .
a dog sleep under a tree .
a dog runs around outside .
a dog runs after ball thrown by owner .
A man is laying down on the sofa .
A man leaps as he takes a shot with the basketball .
A man 's feet are not touching the ground .
The two asian men are at the park .
There are two asian men in that wood shop .
The two asian men are building a wooden table .
A father holds his daughter 's hand
A man and girl walking together
A man takes his son to the game
4 people are together with a white sheet .
4 people piled up on each other on top of a white sheet .
4 people are lying down together on a white sheet .
There are people wearing outfits .
The outfits are Halloween costumes .
The people are naked .
A jockey rides a horse
A jockey races his horse
A jockey brushing his horse
A jockey is riding a horse in a gallop .
jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop racing in front of his competitors .
jockey wearing a green jacket is riding a dark grey horse in a trot .
the two men were pulling on the rope
the man was trying to pull the bull back into the pin
the man in the ray sweatshirt was pulling on a rope
The man is black .
The man is standing .
A man is sitting down .
a dog sleeps on a pillow
there are police
there was a riot
The bandanna is blue .
The skeleton is scary .
The t - shirt is white .
The man is outdoors .
The man is looking for someone .
The man is bowling .
A man is at church .
A man with a bucket is catching fish in the water .
A man with a pail is in the water near a bird .
A young woman never wears white dress .
A young woman tennis player have many tennis balls .
Ayoung woman dressed in black to play tenni.s
The young woman smiles after hearing some good news .
The man looks very upset .
The woman is outside .
People are gathered by pine trees .
People are gathered in the middle of the atlantic after a plane chrased .
People are gathered near a tree in proximity of white tents .
The boy is by the pool .
The boy is at a country club with his parents .
There are no kids allowed at the pristine pool .
the animals is sleeping
A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .
A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .
The workers are using hooks
The workers are working
The workers are dead
a baseball player walks on the field
a football coach walks on the field before the game starts
a football coach walks on the field
this lady has roses while she is waiting for her husband
this lady is flying a jet pack
this lady has roses while she is waiting
There are a bunch of people , some near a building , others walking and others are doing something to a carriage .
A bus pulls into the station .
Some Amish people are fixing their carriage while other people walk or stand nearby .
A man is working out in a gym .
A young woman with a giant rack is carrying a bag around a shopping mall .
A woman with large breasts is carrying a pink bag .
Farmers plant their corn as a scarecrow watches closely by .
Farmers prepare to feed their animals in a large field .
Farmers preparing to feed their animals .
The boy is taking a bath .
The man is shaving .
A person is getting wet .
Men stand in line at a water fountain in front of a brick building .
Men hang drywall inside a house .
Adult males stand in front of a brick wall near something made of metal .
The young boy is in the bathroom .
The young child is asleep .
The young boy is multi - tasking .
An adult is walking alone .
An adult is escorting some children .
An adult is taking some kids to school .
Two women are sleeping in the street .
Two women are walking .
Two women are walking together .
There is n't a face on the fire hydrant .
The face is happy .
A fire hydrant is not just yellow or red .
The man is covering his face and taking a break .
The man is outside taking a break from painting the house .
The man is at the rodeo watching bull riding .
A guy with a brown shirt and glasses is telling his friend in the glasses and gray shirt a story .
Two people are wearing glasses .
Two men in a canoe are about to tip it over .
Family and dog return from outing in a carriage while it is raining .
Horses ride in a carriage pulled by a dog .
Group of people traveling in the rain by horse - drawn carriage .
A badminton player is laying on a court .
A badminton player is taking a nap .
A badminton player has been injured .
A woman reading a book .
A woman making lemonade .
A woman squeezing lemons .
The man is short .
The man committed a crime .
There is a tall man .
one child is on a marry go round
he is riding the ride with friends
the ride is broken
Two people are in the gym
The young men are lying in the sand
The two men are freinds
A girl gets wet from a splash of water by her brother .
A girl wears a suit to work .
A girl gets wet from a splash of water .
A young man is making a fence .
A young girl is cutting wood .
A young man saws wood .
The worker is tired .
The worker is off work for the day .
The worker is working .
A man is taking a picture outside .
A nun is taking a selfie .
A woman is outside
Two boys are yelling .
A father is giving his daughter advice
Two people are talking
A boy looks away from the camera while a girl looks into the camera .
A boy looks away from the camera with a sad face while a girl who has just been swimming looks into the camera with no expression .
A boy looks into the camera while a girl looks away from he camera .
The girls are not near a tree .
They are at a park .
There are two girls .
Two guys are yelling at each other .
A female and a male are talking to each other .
A female and a male are talking to each other about celebrities .
Two men board the train to go to work .
Two men go to work .
A woman drives a limo .
The woman is relaxed .
A woman is sitting .
The woman is running around .
People are competing in figure skating .
People are playing a game of ice hockey .
One man is scoring a goal in an ice hockey game .
The baby is playing with glass in the middle of the street .
The baby is playing with things on the floor .
The toddler is playing with a plastic container that had their family 's Christmas decorations in it .
Two men are following the actions of a dog , one stands next to the dog .
A man stares at another man .
A butterfly flys freely .
A man standing by a body of water .
A man unloading a boat .
A man carrying a surfboard walking towards the ocean .
The girl is outdoors .
The girl has a red shirt on .
The girl is in an office building .
The man is attending a concert .
The human is sitting .
The boy is taking a bath .
The guy is doing a stunt .
The guy is a pro waterskiier .
The guy is watching tv .
The girl is a performer for the show .
The girl is sitting in a freezer .
The girl is an employee of the circus .
Two men were outside a building .
Two men were waiting for someone to arrive .
A girl has short blonde hair .
A girl is holding a toothbrush .
A girl has a green toothbrush .
People stopped by the side of the road
Women are gossiping about a blowfish
People are talking to eachother
a fireman on a ladder
a fireman on a ladder is trying to find survivors
a policeman arresting a hooker
Woman in red shirt about to have a barbecue
Sad man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
Person in red shirt about to have a barbecue
Two humans are outside .
A man is swimming laps in a pool .
A father carries his child , holding an umbrella to keep the rain away .
The boy does n't like his costume .
A boy blowing up a baloon .
An insecure boy .
Two men and a woman playing in a band .
Some people eating a meal .
Two men and a woman finishing a fish dinner and drinks .
A lady is carrying a baby
A lady carrying a small kitten
A lady carrying her nephew
Two jews celebrate the jewish holiday indoors .
Two jewish models pose for the camera on the sidewalk .
Two jews are shown in a sidewalk scene .
Nobody has a jacket
A person in a jacket
A tall person in a jacket
Someone is painting a house .
Someone is baking a cake .
Someone is painting .
A group of people are indoors .
A man is looking for his girlfriend in a club .
The man has his fists clenched tight .
The women are at a bar .
The women are celebrating .
The women are eating glass .
A cowboy clown is is talking into a microphone at a rodeo .
A clown is talking into a microphone .
A cowboy clown in a bowler hat is talking into a wireless microphone .
There are three people driving in a convertible past other people .
The convertible splashed through a puddle of water that soaked the other group of people .
A woman , girl and man are watching television .
The people are test driving a car .
The three women are in a car .
Two women are in a car with a man .
Two wrestlers were just tagged in on a tag team match .
Two wrestlers are in the ring .
Sea turtles are hatching and racing for the surf .
People are having a picnic .
Friends are having a picnic at the park .
People are water skiing .
There is a man vaucuming
There is a man watching someone vacuumming
A grandmother reads to her grandchild while his grandfather watches .
A young woman stands alone looking in the bathroom mirror .
A woman reads from a book while a man watches .
A lady reads a science textbook .
A lady reads to a group of children .
A story book is open .
A person doing a trick
A funny person doing a trick
A tall person doing a trick
the man is lying on the roof
a man is standing
the man is drunk
The girl has swam before .
The girls is asleep at home
The girl is wearing all black .
an asian wears a red backpack
a person wears a backpack
a woman wears a backpack
The man is a gymnast .
The man is wearing a red hat .
The man has a blue hat .
The girls are waiting for their friend .
Both girls are sitting by the tree .
There are two girls .
There are children on horseback .
The children are swinging on swings at the playground .
The children are at a class to learn how to play polo .
Various older people shop at a street clothing sale .
Various cats shop at a street clothing sale .
People shop at a clothing sale .
The people are outside surrounded
The people are sleeping .
The people are shopping
A group of people is staring at a painting .
A group of people is looking at something .
A well dressed man about to buy an abstract fence painting .
A homeless man laying around in front of a painting .
A well dressed man standing in front of piece of artwork .
The man is in a kitchen .
The man is sleeping .
The man is preparing lunch .
The man is cooking .
The man is cooking steaks for his family 's dinner .
The shirtless man is cutting the grass .
Some boys are practicing for a soccer game .
There are humans physically moving .
Two girls are throwing a baseball .
a dog running in the snow
a dog running in the snow to chase a ball
a dog sitting at the beach
Two women help an injured player on the field .
Two men help an injured player .
Some men help an injured player on the field .
A man is playing indoors .
A man is playing football indoors .
A man is wearing a black coat .
A man is filming a movie .
A man is wearing a purple suit and using a purple digital camera .
A man is wearing a suit and glasses .
The dog grabbed the other dog with his teeth .
The puppy grabbed his littermate by the cheek
The black dog licked the other dog 's rear .
A boy jumps over a stair railing .
The girl sat on the bench .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps railing .
A couple is watching the moon .
The couple is married .
The couple is watching the sun .
A runner is watching people run .
A woman wearing yellow is running a race .
A person is running .
Baseball players playing a game .
Two people are playing catch with a football while a priest watches .
Two baseball players practicing with an umpire watching .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a big pond
Two lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
Two oriental snakes are fighting for dominance in a small pond
a young kid jumps into the water
a young kid eats a bagel in the pool
a young kid jumps into the water during swim lessons
A group of people in the street .
A group of runners wait for the marathon to begin .
A man drives a snowcat .
The biker is a human .
The biker is in a bar .
The biker is on a dirt bike .
A man is sitting on a couch while sewing .
A man is painting on a canvas .
A man is sewing .
The children are being photographed .
The photographer is wearing a black suit .
The photographer has a bald head .
A man throws a ball to a boy .
A black dog is walking through water to catch a fish .
The water has a black dog walking through it .
A man is riding his bicycle
A man is walking somewhere
Man smoking a cigarette is upset with the car in front of him .
Man looks at car .
Four people are standing in front of a building .
Four people are waiting for the bus .
a boy shows his uniform
a girl shows her girl scouts cookies
A karate student poses in his gi
a young girl eats a box
a young girl putting away her toys
a young girl putting a box on a shelf
Nobody is doing tricks
A human doing tricks
A tall human doing tricks
There is a land race .
There are toddlers napping indoors .
Someone fell into the lake during a race .
A man is taking pictures at a golf course .
A man in black is singing on stage .
A photographer is taking photos at the golf championship .
A man buying a sandwich at a deli .
A man at a deli .
A man buying ice cream at the movie theater .
The player is in the dugout .
The player is trying to get the game winning point .
The catcher is holding a bat .
A player is hoping to score a run .
The catcher is right - handed .
The rickshaw carried a lovely couple down the street .
A man was pulling a rickshaw behind him .
Two kids are collecting water from a stream .
Two kids are getting water .
Two kids are getting a drink of water .
A man on stage singing accompanied by a stuffed bear is a ventriloquist .
A man is entertaining on stage by singing and putting his fingers in a stuffed animal .
The man on stage singing with his fingers in a bear 's nose is mute .
Two women with wooden mallets are preparing what looks like food on a simple table .
Two individuals are beating a bread dough on the table .
Two girls are on a mountain hike .
Two people jumping off a dock into the water .
Two people standing on a boat dock next to the water .
A couple on the dock getting ready to board their boat .
They are enjoying the day .
They are going to run away together .
They are outdoors .
A man is cleaning and polishing a large candy dish .
Two people are competing in the Olympics .
A man in a white robe is kicking at another man in a white robe and black belt .
The clown is very upset .
The clown is having a fit in front the the children .
A clown is riding in a small car outside .
A woman walking on the street downtown .
A woman walking on an old bridge near a mountain .
A woman walking on a bridge in a mountain .
Several people are outside .
Several people are sitting in a movie theater .
Several people saw a crime committed .
The young man is in front of a display .
The young man is frowning with his hands in his pockets .
The young man is pointing at a building .
A canine is running on the seaside .
A cat is running in the waves .
An adult is instructing children .
A teacher is explaining the course of the day 's lesson plans .
The street performer begins his show .
Two women sit down for coffee .
The city street performer sits on a green bucket .
A person is going out into space .
The person in a yellow shirt is outdoors .
The person with the camera photographs the person skating .
A mother photographs her son at the indoor skate park .
A woman takes pictures of baby chicks .
People are cutting a cake .
Two newly weds are cutting their wedding cake .
A newly we d couple are watching a movie .
Kids playing on the water
Weekend barbecue with some fish
There is some fish
two people playing ball at sunset .
two are people playing ball .
Two guys playing cards .
A boy is acting for a group of people .
Someone is photographing a boy in motion .
A group of people without cameras are watching a boy .
the asian woman served rice in their restaurant
the women are standing
the women are waiting for a store to open
four young men get ready to go hunting in a wooden room
four young men eat a cake for a birthday party
three young men are gathered in a room made of wood panels while one holds a crossbow
Three boy scouts are inspecting a bow they will be practicing with for the next 2 days .
Three boys are inspecting a bow .
Three men are singing in the streets .
The man is preparing a meal for his family 's dinner .
The man is cooking .
The man is folding clothing .
Nobody is standing
tall humans standing
Humans standing
People going to a bingo game .
A gentleman and his date are at the Metro PCS theather .
the man is a farmer
a man peers through a magnifier
the man is asleep
A child is looking at the lake .
A child is about to go swimming in the lake .
A child is playing with his legos in his warm room .
How the puppet shows work .
The puppets are pulling by people .
The puppets eat human .
A woman is running .
A woman is being chased near the river .
A woman sits at a picnic table near the rocky shore .
The boy jumps into the pool , as his sister follows soon after .
The boy lays down in the sun .
There is a boy outside .
cow eats berries
man carries flowers
man going on date
A mob prepares to protest a speaker .
Many people stand outside a building .
A group of people sleep outside a building .
The down is bring a stick back to his master , that threw it in the lake in the game of fetch
The animal is outdoors .
A cat is scuba diving and the down was chasing him
The girl is wearing a black shirt and pants .
The girl in the red top is selling raffle tickets .
A girl is wearing a red top .
Man ordering food at a restaurant , sitting with his family .
Man in a hat and glasses , holding up a stick , standing in a crowd of people .
Man in a straw hat and glasses , raising a cane into the air , surrounded by a crowd .
The man is holding up a cross .
The man protesting is caucasian .
The man is holding something up .
Someone is wearing a dress
Someone is sleeping
A father helps his son
A person messes with some papers .
A woman runs after a duck .
A woman looks over some forms .
The Asian girl is writing a song .
An Asian girl is sitting .
The Asian girl is dancing .
A woman fluffs a pillow
A woman makes her bed comfortable
A woman is taking out the trash
Two people wearing shirts , none of them smiling .
Two people wearing shirts , one of them smiling .
A woman is sitting outside .
A woman is standing in line .
Someone is thinking .
Two men are watching TV .
Two men are making music .
Two men are rapping .
The boy has blond hair .
The boys make the goal .
The boy 's parents are not present .
The boy is wearing shin guards .
The boy is alone in his backyard .
The boy is under the age of eighteen .
There is only one person present .
The accordion is very old .
There are multiple people present .
Tow people are resting their backs against a bench .
Some people are at a historical park .
Two people stand by a building .
Similarly dressed couple stops to discuss plans .
Man steals hat from woman in sunglasses .
Man and woman stop and chat with each other .
Two men are trying to fish
Two men are sitting on a boat
Two woman are drinking alcohol and getting twisted
Four skaters are competing in the olympics .
Jake is talking on the phone .
Four skaters race each other .
A child at a birthday party , holds his new presents as the other children look on and smile .
People hike through a California desert with towering cactus , wild cats and spiny lizards .
A fair headed child has a replica flying vehicle and an another toy mythical creature .
A large family is watching a movie .
Two people are watching TV .
Two people are watching sports on TV .
Two football players sitting inside a empty locker room .
Two football players wearing jerseys .
Two players from opppsing teams face off .
One group of people are watching what another group does .
People are standing outside being looked upon by another group of people
A band is playing for an outdoor wedding .
Four men are playing music outdoors .
Four young women are playing chess in the park .
An Asian man is giving a thumbs up .
An Asian man is congratulating someone for a job well done .
An Asian man is eating soup in an art gallery .
Some people are riding bikes down a country lane .
People are in a street .
People are in a street in front of mountains with snow on them .
The building is all black .
There are four vehicles present .
The people are going into the building .
The man is outside
The man is about to buy ice cream
The man is inside
A dog playing
A dog eats the food in his dish .
A dog performing tricks for hsi owner .
A group of women are selling vegetables at a market
A group of women are fishing
A group of women are selling their wares
The man is playing the violin .
The man is sitting on Santa 's lap .
The man is trying to remember which song to play next .
The tall man stood near the metal trash can and smoked a Marlboro
While in the swimming pool the albino boy was cautious of too much sun
Near the trashcan the man stood and smoked
Kids are wet .
Kids are playing video games .
A person is looking at pictures of her family .
A blind woman sits in a chair .
There is a lady with a book .
A young man is in front of a girll
A man is laughing
A man is outside
There are a group of people dancing .
The dancers are performing at the concert .
The dancers are waiting for their turn to perform .
The child is indoors .
The child is sleeping .
The child is eating a sandwhich .
The images were deleted .
There are no images .
You can see all the images just fine .
two women jump for joy
two women chat about their day
two women sit on a couch
a woman in white is surrounded by others
two men stand alone
a woman prepares for her third marriage
A little girl is sitting at her desk .
A little girl is erasing her work for her teacher .
A little girl is cleaning a chalkboard .
a woman is wearing clothes
a woman is playing soccer
a woman is waiting for her train
The man is carrying a box of tools in both arms .
A man is holding newspapers .
He is selling the newspapers in a hotel lobby .
A man is going on a hike .
A man is standing up .
A man is sitting in a bathroom .
The Yankees are at practice .
People are playing a game .
The Seahawks win the Super Bowl .
Male and female performers sit on stage .
Male and female performers happily stand on stage .
Male and female performers stand on stage .
People fishing .
Nails are filed during a manicure .
A woman has her nails filed for a manicure .
Several people are gathered for a party .
Several people are sitting on the beach .
Several people are gathered inside .
A man is earning his living by singing to strangers .
A man is playing his guitar and singing on a stage in a bar .
A man is performing outside .
A snowboarder jumps .
An old man sits in a hospital waiting room .
A snowboarder does jumps over a barrel to train for a competition .
A little boy in a warm jacket sits all alone blowing bubbles .
A little boy blows bubbles outdoors .
A girl in a red coat sits blowing bubbles .
The biker is showing off his bike .
The man is naked .
A man sits on a motorcycle .
A black woman is on the payphone , ordering pizza
A black woman is on her phone .
A black woman is on her cell phone , calling the cops .
a boy sleeps on the couch
a girl has on a sweater
a girl thinks about her day
A woman in a purple sweater and black jeans has an odd look on her face .
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A woman in a purple sweater is getting her hair done
A woman watches two men in the kitchen
A man watches to women in the kitchen
A man watches two women cook
A dog carrying a flower pot .
A dog sleeping .
A dog carrying a flower pot to his owner .
The running is fast
The runners are not from the US
The runners are from the US
He is an experienced rider .
The mountain is on Mars .
He is riding a bike .
A boy plays with his remote control car in his living room .
A person rides a dirt bike outside .
A boy races his dirt bike outside .
The man is sitting next to a billboard .
The man is sits next to a painting of himself .
The man did a self portrait of himself .
Children play catch with the family dog .
An animal moving vertically and gripping a toy with its teeth .
A tinny white puppy sits on a red pillow and plays with a rawhide bone .
Few men practicing martial arts in a studio , which is wooden floored
Two men trying to dance for a song
Two men practicing martial arts
The man is standing and taking pictures .
A man is playing with his camera .
The tourist is reviewing his photos .
A dog runs through a grassy field .
A dog walks outside .
A dog walks over large rocks .
The young man is sleeping while the Mom is driving her daughter to the park .
The young man is reading the newspaper sports section with a mom and daughter walks to the movie theater .
A young male is looking at a newspaper while 2 females walks past him .
The woman is unpacking items from her boat .
A woman rows a small boat loaded with items .
The woman is going to deliver the items to someone .
Two women are getting married .
People are getting married .
Guests are attending a funeral .
A child slides down the slide by himself .
Two children are playing on the swings .
Two kids are at the park , having a nice time .
A woman is captured midair when she leaps with the pyramids nearby
A woman is captured midair while she 's leaping as she tries to run away from the man
A woman is capturing a man who is running away from her
The young people are splashing each other in the fountain .
The teenagers are skateboard surfing with a van .
The teenagers are playing in a fountain .
there are 2 cars on the street and people on the sidewalk .
seven people are trying to move a car off the sidewalk .
While carrying their load , the men walked one behind the other .
While carrying heavy sacks of flour the men walked the path single file
The men set lazily beside the river , resting on the bank .
The mother taught her cousin how to hit the ball .
The father and son kicked the ball .
The father taught his son how to kick a ball .
A model stands on a garbage can for a photo shoot .
A blond woman stands on a garbage can .
A homeless girl uses both hands to eat garbage from a garbage can .
A brown dog running outside .
A dog chases a rabbit .
Two dogs on a bus .
An obese person sits on the couch
A gymnast displays their skills with a flip
A gymnast competes in the olympics
The dogs are playing with a ball .
The dogs are sleeping .
There is a dog outside .
A gentlemen smiling and showing his refletive sunglasses to a friend .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses to others .
A gentlemen sitting in a chair looking out a window .
two women play basketball
a young man sits with two others near a pool table and a drink
two men gamble
the yellow dogs run on the road
the 2 dogs cook pizza
the yellow dogs run on the road to their owners house
Some girls are modeling in a runway show .
Some women are waiting at the bus stop .
Some ladies are near a building .
A woman is sitting by the beach .
A woman rides a bike bast the beach sunset .
A woman sits on bicycle seat .
Three men are smoking cigars .
People are saying " cheese " .
People are smiling .
The boys are playing together .
A boy stands all alone at the bus stop .
The boys are playing a game of cards together .
Dogs are running toward the camera .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the video camera .
A black and a brown cat are running toward the camera .
A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house .
A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house with his daughter .
A man enters a black bounce house with his child .
The stadium was packed with people .
The stadium is not full .
There is a game about to be played .
The man is going to sell the video games
The man holds nothing
The man totes the video games
The man is standing in the rain .
The man is a cook .
The fire is burning near the man .
A man is yelling at a party .
A man is angry .
A man is laughing .
The black box is shaped like a ball .
The man is being watched .
The man is a magician .
Kids color paper with crayon .
Kids use crayons to color large sheets of construction paper .
An old lady marks tests with her pen .
A tractor is moving .
A tractor is parked doing nothing .
A blue tractor is doing construction work .
Three people smiling for the camera .
Seven people posing for a photo dressed as baseball players .
Three people posing for a picture with smiles and two are dressed up as zombies .
A guy and a lady are standing near each other .
A man and a woman smile as the watch the children play .
A man and a woman are frowning looking at the clock .
A man is caught in a rain storm with an umbrella .
The man is inside a building .
A man is holding an umbrella
A man holds an umbrella .
A man does a magic trick .
A man sits and reads .
a chef using a frying pan
a man using a frying pan
a kid cooking lunch
A man cooks food .
A man is making ice cream .
A chef cooks in a diner .
A service worker is making food in a nice kitchen .
A homeless man steals a sandwich from a cheap restaurant .
An employee is making his lunch before the dinner rush at a nice restaurant .
The vehicle is red .
The Jeep is going to fall .
The girl is inside her room .
A man is sitting in an open field .
Someone is asleep on a sidewalk .
People are walking by a man sleeping on the sidewalk .
A biker glides down handrails .
A man in a pink uniform glides down handrails on a bike .
A woman riding a bike in the park .
A boy is practicing bike tricks .
A boy is playing on a skateboard .
A child is riding a bike .
A pitbull running outside .
A dog sits , waiting for his owner .
A dog running outside .
The girl is participating in the local county fair , and is helping judge the " juiciest apple " category .
The girl opens an oven door , and checks a meatloaf she is cooking to see how it is coming along .
The girl is eating in this picture .
a man jumps on top of another man
a man plays guitar while a crowd watches
a man fights another man while a crowd watches
Some players are playing soccer in ground
Some peoples are running in game
A soccer team are playing in soccer field
The dachshunds are dogs
The children are feeding the dogs
The children are taking a nap
A man is sitting with his puppy
A man is standing with his dog
A man is sitting with his dog
A man and woman are in a dark room
A man and woman are married
Two men are in a light room
The man is riding a motorcycle .
The man has friends .
The man is a professional skateboarder .
Nobody has a pot
A person carrying a pot
An old person carrying a pot
two girls in a room
two girls talking about boys
two girls flying a kite in the park
There is a child watching a person cooking on a fire .
A person makes a pancake while a child watches .
A person sews while a small child runs .
The two girls are screaming .
The two girls are at the amusement park .
The two girls are at the zoo .
Some kids are outdoors .
There is a group of people marching in the streets .
A woman is watching her children play .
Spectators watch a performance piece from an artist .
A group of people look at a woman .
A bunch of drivers in a parking lot .
The man and women walked naked along the secluded beach .
People have dressed up for a party .
People wore cosplay costumes to the party .
A man is riding a four - wheeler on his farm .
A man is riding a dirt bike in a race at a track .
A man is riding a dirt bike .
The skateboarder has experience riding a skateboard
The skateboarder is riding a bicycle .
The skateboarder will land the trick .
The catcher hits the batter
The batter watches his potential home run fly
The batter watches the ball fly towards right field
woman stands at podium
woman makes a speech
a man runs mile
An elder performs an intrumental piece at an event .
A world reknown musician performs his last performance at and outdoor music festival .
A young violinist plays an violin indoors .
A married couple jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .
Twelve people jogging while a man sleeps on a park bench .
Two people jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .
A cat attacks a dog .
A dog and cat are friendly .
A dog and cat together .
A female acrobat performs on a pole .
A male pole dancer performs at a club .
A female acrobat does her show in the center ring .
Two enemies are walking across the sand .
Two friends who are woman are walking across the sand .
Two woman are walking across the sand .
A single man sweeps in a lonely alley .
A group cleans up after a major leak .
A group sweeps in front of bystanders .
A supervisor watches 2 men finish a job .
Workers pull together to get the project completed .
Workers are on their way home .
A man fell off his bike on the road .
A man is laying near cars .
A man is standing on the road to catch a ride .
The boy is wearing a dress .
A boy wears a long sleeve shirt .
A boy is on the grass .
A Jesus shrine is in the parade .
A bhudda shrine is being lifted through a crowd of people .
A float depicting a computer .
A float in a parade .
A float with icons .
A man is being secured .
The man is climbing without a harness
A man is climbing the grand canyon .
groups of people are imatating themselves
groups of people are standing around
groups of people are standing around chatting
The man is outside .
The man with dreadlocks does skateboard tricks in the middle of the road .
The man with a buzz cut falls off the skateboard .
Some peoples take a photo
Many people 's take photo with a yellow woman
Some cricketers are playing cricket in ground
An rescue worker looking for injured people .
A woman handing out water .
A man with gloves and a flashlight .
A man is cutting metal with the wrong tool .
A man is cutting metal .
A man is cutting metal with his mind .
A man rides his bike on an empty path in the woods .
A man watches a large truck filled with gravel drive down a busy street .
A large truck drives down a street while a person in a striped shirt watches .
Two people are on a dinner date .
A couple are in divorce court .
Two people are speaking with each other .
People are eating dinner .
Our group is enjoying an early brunch .
The group is socializing at the company dinner .
A child is sleeping in her bed .
A child is upset .
A girl is crying , because she skinned her knee .
A homeless person sits on steps .
A person is standing .
A person on steps .
The man is wearing shorts .
The man is wearing clothing .
The man is asleep in the bathtub on the moon .
A man is sitting on the train talking to a woman .
A man is driving his car .
A man is sitting next to a lady .
The man playing the guitar is wearing a purple suit .
He is playing the guitar .
The man in purple is playing the piano .
The wife is playing video games .
A maid is at her job in a house .
Someone wearing yellow is doing work .
A man is jogging .
A man is practicing for his next race .
The man is jogging on sand .
A girl is cheerleading .
A girl is sitting .
A girl is sitting watching people play sports .
The bird is going to eat some bread .
A bird is about to eat some food .
A black bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The runners are on the beach .
The runners are close to the finish line .
There are people in the forest .
A man painting a picture of a sunset .
A man taking a picture for a photography class he is taking .
A man taking a picture of someone .
a boy acthes frisbee
the boy is hiding under his bed
the boy is ten years old
There are people outside .
These people are in the desert .
The two people have surfboards .
An old man walks outdoors on a fall morning .
An old man walks outdoors .
An old man with perfect eyesight runs naked down a hallway .
A race car with flames .
Flames are shooting from the front of a race car .
Flames are shooting from the rear of a race car as it takes off .
Two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping for a ball .
Two little dogs are going for a walk .
Two big , shaggy dogs are outside .
The dogs are romping across the field .
Dogs are watching a tennis match .
Dogs race each other to the ball .
Three men are working in a bakery .
A trio in coordinating outfits are playing a traditional song on handmade bamboo instruments .
Three humans are holding objects .
A man in red and green jeans is running through water .
A man in yellow and blue jeans is running through water .
A man is being chased .
The football player in the white uniform is about to make a touchdown .
Two football players are playing on a football field .
Two men are playing basketball outdoors .
The gym is crowded .
They are all at Disneyland .
A black limousine is in front of a marble building .
A black limousine is waiting for an important guest in front of a marble building .
A black limousine is behind a marble building .
A woman is taking a picture of a building outside .
A woman is outdoors .
A woman is holding an umbrella with both hands .
The kid hitting the ball is practicing for his upcoming game .
A child is hitting cans with a baseball bat .
A child is in a field hitting a ball .
The woman is editing a video .
The woman is dancing with the man .
The woman is inside .
A man talks .
It is a nice day outside .
Bonnabos dance ballet .
A group of men are learning English
A bunch of men are in class .
A group of men are mud wrestling .
He is running playing basketball .
The boy is buying candy .
He is waiting to pay .
A woman with her groceries on the moon
An old woman with her groceries tries to cross the street
A woman on a busy street holds some shopping bags
A man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
A balding woman wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
A balding man wearing a brown bomber jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
The man is swimming .
A man is outside .
The man enjoys rock climbing .
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road a long way away from a cafe
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe in France
The owner of a building is leasing out advertising space .
There is a Coca - Cola sign on a church next to a building .
There is a Coca - Cola sign on a building .
The dogs are playing catch with each other .
The two dogs are inside sleeping by the fireplace .
There are two dogs playing together in the snow .
A toddler playing in a tire outside .
A toddler eating mushy food in a high chair .
A toddler playing in a tire in a junk yard .
A group of bears are playing a football game .
College football players are playing a football game .
Rival college football players are playing a football game .
the kid plays with his dog at the beach on a saturday
the kid plays with his dog at the beach
the pig eats cows
The man has been in the hot tub already today .
The man is upset .
The man likes the hot tub .
The football player catches the ball .
The ball is being thrown the football player direction .
The football player is sitting down .
The little boy is feeding a duck in the park .
The little boy is outside .
The boy fell in the water on the duck .
This is a prom .
A band is playing while people dance .
No one is dancing .
A girl is sitting on the swings outside .
The girl in the sweater is getting ready to jump off the swing .
The girl is standing at the edge of her driveway .
A man is walking
The man is walking to a hostel
The man is sitting on a rock
The men and women are dressed in clothes for the beach .
The bathing suits are blue .
The rocks hangout above the water .
Some people are Sun Tanning .
The people are on an island .
The people are not by any water .
A boy wearing a monkey costume passes by a puppeteer .
The puppeteer has her hand in a sock .
The boy and the woman are stargazing through a telescope .
the girl poses for artist nude drawing
a girl poses for camera
the girl is a supermodel
A woman sits outside .
A woman looks at some magazines outside .
A woman stands near her husband .
The player is going home .
The player dropped the ball .
The person is playing a game .
A girl wears a green shirt .
The shirt is white .
The street has a lot of people .
People are running down a busy city street in summer .
The people walking down a busy city street are trying to catch a limited release purchase event .
A women is cooking
A women is cooking for her family
A man is eating food
A man is wearing a large blue shirt .
A man is wearing a blue shirt .
A woman is wearing a blue shirt .
There car racing had a roll cage .
The automobile lost control and hit something .
The automobile stayed on the track the whole race .
people watching street preformers
People rioting in the streets
People watching mimes
A group of people walks past some trees and brown buildings .
The people are on a guided tour .
The group of people is sitting under the trees .
A woman shops at Tiffany 's .
A man looks over the wares at a flea market .
A man looks at things .
Two people are dancing on a stage .
A brother and sister are dancing together .
Two men are laying , motionless , on stage .
A guy is folding his laundry at home
A guy is in the laundromat
A guy is getting his thongs together at the laundromat
The young boy is eating pie .
There is a boy showing affection to an old man .
The boy is kissing his grandpa on the forehead .
A man holding a sign .
A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign for a protest .
A man running away from people .
There are carrying bags on the ground next to the group of people .
The group of people are sitting around having a picnic .
The group of people standing in front of the bicycles are a family .
People socialize near a bicycle stand after the race .
People talk near a bunch of parked motorcycles .
People get together near a stand of bicycles .
The young people are getting ready for a bike race .
There are several people standing .
Several young people are standing next to motorcycles .
Two people smile while looking at a baby .
Two people watch a movie together .
A husband and wife smile at the birth of their child .
The child is younger than the adult .
They are child and parent .
Clothed people are sitting .
Several people wait for their luggage at the airport .
Some woman are running through the halls .
Two ladies are by a road .
The women are enjoying the breeze on their freshly - shaved buzzcuts .
The models are on their way to the photoshoot .
A group of teenagers are holding something
A group of teenagers are holding skateboards
A group of teenagers are jumping
There are people sleeping
There is a soda bottle flying .
A woman is going to watch a concert .
A woman is walking away from a building .
A woman is wearing a blue coat .
A girl is diving into a pool .
The girl is watching t.v .
The girl in young .
A woman mounts a motorcycle and starts the engine .
A group of people are talking near a vehicle .
Friends discuss their trip before the tour starts .
A person with hair
A tall person with hair
Everybody is bald .
A girl falls off of her scooter during an obstacle course .
A person falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A sad boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
People on vehicles outside .
A group of adults inside of the lobby of a building .
A biker gang riding through the streets .
A man asks his friend to record him climbing a rock wall .
A man in jeans is near some rock .
A man is on top of a rock formation , taking in the view .
A man standing on the sidewalk .
The man in the hat is standing in the middle of the street .
The garbage man is picking up the trash .
A man in a hat sits down at the local DMV .
A man in a hat is outside .
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall , waiting for his buddy to pick him up .
A man is making hot food .
A man is making a steak on the grill outdoors .
A man is cooking his wife a nutritious meal .
The inside of a laundromat with new silver machines .
The inside of a restaurant .
The inside of a restaurant that has been renovated and remodeled .
A trumpet being played by a man
A man tests out a new trumpet
A man plays the drums
Nobody has jeans
A person in jeans
A tall person in jeans
A man in a maroon shirt is sitting on the train .
The man is finding change to use the payphone .
A man is standing next to a payphone wearing a maroon shirt .
They are outdoors .
The are standing on the tree .
They are waiting for the bus to pick them up .
The man and woman are doing physical activity .
The man and woman are practicing for a fight .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing .
Three boys are drowning .
Three boys have just been down a waterslide .
Three boys are swimming .
People are sitting down
PEople are running
The people are friend
A group of people watching a movie at a theater .
A group of people having drinks while they discuss a future business plan .
A small group of people having drinks .
A groupe of people are sitting at a table .
Several people are sitting together inside a hot tub .
Several people are celebrating their company going public .
The brothers look at each other
The girls look at the pant suit
The boys look at each other
Two large dogs are fetching for their master .
A man is out with his dogs .
A squirrel is eating an alligator .
Children are watching tv .
Children are at recess during school .
There are children playing outside .
A little blonde girl got a Care Bears blanket as Christmas gift .
A little blonde girl wrapped in blanket is holding Easter eggs .
A little blonde girl has a blanket around her .
A woman watches tv while waiting for customers .
A woman cuts fabric flowers inside a market .
A woman cuts fabric flowers in a market while a crowd watches .
a person on a river paddles a canoe
a man with a life vest paddles a canoe
A man is wearing a designer shirt on camera .
A topless male is being recorded on a sports field .
A man is celebrating on camera after scoring a goal .
People sit around tables watching bowlers intently under a cloth covering .
People sit around tables in a living room watching intently under a cloth covering .
People sit around tables under canopies .
The old man is shouting something to the camera .
An old bearded man is in an old building .
The old man is dozing in the ancient ruin .
A boy and a girl are walking outside .
A boy and a girl are walking through a dirty city .
A boy and girl are fighting with each other .
Three men are climbing mount everest .
Three men are working on a new skyscaper in town .
Three men are outdoors .
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is about to go swimming
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is lounging on the boat
The boy in the black and red swimsuit has fallen out of the boat
There is only one person present .
There are multiple people present .
The 2 ladies are related .
A man talks on a phone in a city .
A golfer swings his club at the ball while his friends laugh .
A businessman calls his office to make sure that his secretary cancels his appointments .
An Asian man in colorful light robes holds a bell .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a gun .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell .
A man is approaching another man .
The man 's shirt is a different color from his jeans .
Man has a blue shirt on .
The buildings are corporate offices .
The buildings are walking on the street .
The man is using his feet .
A woman riding a bicycle on the street .
A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk .
A woman going for a walk near a car and some other people .
The street is crowded .
A man is jumping .
Nobody is in the air .
Men are sleeping .
Men are dancing in the club .
Two men are in pajamas .
A woman is eating cotton candy .
A woman is putting a handful of peanuts in her mouth .
A woman is eating blueberry flavored cotton candy while in a public square in Europe .
It is a sunny day in the park while two men play chess .
People play chess while others watch .
Two men are shopping in the grocery store .
The couple are holding hands .
The couple are laying in the sand .
A couple is at the beach .
Two hikers are walking through the sand dunes in a desert .
Two hikers are returning to base camp .
Two hikers are out in the snow .
Two guys are backpacking on Mars .
Two guys are rock climbers .
Two guys are carrying things on their back .
The bystanders are terrorists .
The airplane is flapping its wings on final approach .
The airplane is heavy
The people are watching a plane show
Group of people standing outside
The people are inside
There is a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
There is a lady in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
There is a boy in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
A construction worker takes a nap on a sofa .
A construction worker stands outside in front of some mountains .
A man stands outside in front of some mountains .
A few kids are going down a slide at the playground .
A group of teens are hanging out in a garage .
A group of teens are waiting for their parents in a large garage .
Three individuals are wearing loose brown nylon suits with one instructor in all black with a ponytail assisting them with putting on harnesses .
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits .
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits outside .
a band is playing
the band is at home sleeping
A live band on a lawn jamming out for the holiday crowd .
People are playing music .
A band is practicing new tunes in the garage .
A lady dressed in black is heading to the office .
A woman is having her wisdom teeth pulled .
A young lady is walking down the street .
The boy is reading a book about trains .
The child is attending the circus .
The kid is with his dog .
The girl is dressed up for a party .
A small person dressed up is standing next to a tree .
The girl is wearing a blue baseball cap .
The couple are normally dressed .
The couple are walking .
The couple are at a music festival .
A guy is standing in a bathroom .
A man is attempting to brew coffee .
A man may have created a monster too unwilling to be flushed .
The girl is standing on a bench .
The girl in the colorful outfit is the other girl 's sister .
The girl sitting on the bench is next to another girl .
five people playing
the people are girls
the people are at home
The man is tired from riding his bike .
The man is riding his bike in the country .
The man is sitting on a bench .
The men are playing football .
There are three men playing a sport .
The men are dressed in all black .
A doctor is cooking dinner .
A doctor is performing surgery .
A doctor is doing a good job .
Two models are photographed by a paparazzi .
Two men are shopping at home depot .
Two women are enjoying a meal at a cafe .
Children are at a party
A child just opened his smallest gift at his party
A child is in the gym playing basketball
A chef gives a sample of his specialty .
A man rides a bike .
A chef gives a sample .
a race of some sort is underway
two men walk on a beach
some shells pass under a marker marked 7
An elderly artist is painting his latest masterpiece .
A baby is smearing food all over his high chair tray .
An old man is creating art .
They are outdoors on the field .
They are throwing ice cream at homeless people .
They are playing football .
The children are at the beach .
The children are eating dinner at a restaurant .
The children are wet .
Two girls walk in a parking lot .
A girl drives a jet ski .
Two girls drop of their car to be washed .
One person sits at a restaurant table while another pulls luggage across the street while holding a gift bag .
Two men pull luggage across the street , while wearing aprons .
The waiter takes a break after cleaning up the cafe , and the last customer leaves .
A boy bends over backwards and breaks his back .
A girl bends over backwards .
A girl bends over backwards to do her gymnastics routine .
There are many children around .
The kid is competing in a game .
The girls are putting on makeup in the room .
The dancers are swimming in a lake .
Performers are doing a show at an event .
Many dancers are lifting their legs up on a stage .
The women are wearing pink hats .
The woman is alone in her bathroom .
The women are near the cellphone .
Two women and a younger girl do n't laugh
Two women and a younger girl laugh
Two women and a younger girl joyously laugh
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics .
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics in a car .
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics for an unusually large crowd .
men standing outside
four men chatting
three men near a truck
Two girls crowd surf at a rave .
A man dances at a wedding .
A man is enjoying himself dancing .
A baby in a pot on the stove .
A baby being cooked on the stove .
A baby in his stroller outside .
They are an all - guy band .
They like rock music the best .
A band is performing .
a woman plays the piano
a woman sings into a microphone
a woman sings her favorite song into a microphone
a group of marathoners run
a number of guys wearing numbers race outside
a man sits in a chair printing running bib numbers
A man and his wife eating raw oysters .
People outside .
A father and daughter taking a walk .
The animals are playing .
The animals are playing outside .
The dogs are playing with cats .
The children are playing soccer .
Children are playing in a dirt street .
The children are in their house washing dishes .
A man and woman watch the sun set over the ocean .
A bunch of balloons can be seen as people wait for a surprise party to start .
The balloons are outside .
The girls are wearing white dresses
The girls are sleeping .
A group of bike stunt riders are at an event .
They are hoping that they get a chance to perform , because it looks like it might rain .
There are a group of people standing by ATV 's , waiting for a race to start .
He is reading a flyer about a new job he is interested in .
A man is sitting on his bed reading .
A man is sleeping on his bed .
He is standing on his head .
He is learning something .
He has the light on .
Water skis are sitting on a pier .
Skis and boots are outside a ski lodge while the skiers enjoy a hot drink indoors .
Some skis are sitting in the snow .
A man exercising .
A woman outside
A man running on a treadmill to run a marathon
Men and women stand in front of a building
People stand in front of a building
People burn the red building on fire
Two men are sitting down on the couch .
There are people indoors .
Two men are making sure the musical mixing equipment is good to go for Skrillex .
People are in a room .
People are walking along the beach .
People are on a class trip .
There are people in the snow .
There are people and animals in the snow .
People are at the beach .
A baby getting its picture taken .
A baby wearing glasses .
A baby without glasses .
A boy wearing glasses is sitting while holding a toy hammer .
A boy is showing off the prizes he won at the fair .
A dog and a pig play in some mud .
A little boy is playing inside his bedroom
A boy is playing with a toy
A little boy is jumping on his bed while playing with a toy hammer
The girl is asleep on the riverbank .
The girl is wearing pants .
The girl is in the air .
she has black book bag
she is walking with a bag
a woman is walking down the street
She has no fish for sale .
The woman is in a street market .
A man adjusts his hat before a meeting .
A man peering into a window to see if others would like to buy some food .
A man with his food cart .
Two men are smiling and laughing at the cats playing on the floor .
Two young girls are smiling at themselves in the mirror .
Two men are smiling .
Two boys standing bravely on top of a diving platform
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform
Two boys standing on top of a spaceship
The girl is teaching someone to knit .
The girl is wearing a yellow shirt .
The girl is teaching her boyfriend how to knit .
There are no cars
The race car is on a track
A lady is looking at a fire truck .
A lady is looking in a car .
A lady is looking in a car at a dog .
The man is playing a musical instrument at an event .
The man is playing a cello inside .
The man playing a banjo is trying to earn money .
The band has been together for years .
There are multiple people present .
There is only one person present .
The group of men are asleep at the parade .
The group of men are fixing the rails .
The group of men are workers .
dog running up hill
kids play t - ball
kids play baseball
An old man is drinking a milk shake in a cup .
An older man is drinking beer from a bottle .
An old man is drinking some amber liquid from a bottle .
A group of Chinese people at standing in water .
A group of Americans are in water .
A group of Chinese people are at the beach .
There is a white shirt .
The shirt is black .
The man is old .
A human is doing jumping jacks .
A man stands by his watch shop .
There is a person and a sign .
People are dancing
A dog is chasing a car
The dancing couple is married
A child within a snowy structure .
A kid stuck in a huge pile of snow .
A boy sweating in the sun .
The man is taking a swim .
There is a skateboard on a folding chair .
The man is attempting to do a skateboard trick .
The train has stopped and they are boarding it .
The people are waiting at the station .
The people are waiting for a late train .
Three young men in detention clean a classroom .
Three women walk about coffee in class .
Three young men clean up their class .
a dog is hot
a person jumps high
a dog has his mouth open
The man has some dirt on his hands .
The man is clean shaven .
There is an elderly man standing outside near water .
Someone is outside .
Someone is visiting the statue of Liberty .
Someone is playing jump rope .
A girl is singing on a hillside .
A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill .
A child is outdoors on a hillside .
Men taking a nap
Men eating
Men having a conversation
There is something in the baby 's mouth .
The grandpa is holding the baby
The baby is sucking on a pacifier
a woman walks to lunch
a woman drives a truck
a woman walks
A chef prepares a meal for a food critic .
A man inside of a building .
The adult is sculpting a piece out of lumber .
A child makes a snowman .
A woman pulls a child .
A mother takes her child out sledding .
A child is sitting on a sled .
A mother pulls a child on a sled during a fun day at Big Bear .
A mother and child row a canoe .
kids playing near a lake on vacation
kids playing near a lake
a man and woman eating tv dinners
A group of rollerbladers are crouching .
A group of bicyclists round the corner simultaneously .
A group of rollerbladers are performing a trick for the crowd .
A band played hard rock at a venue
A band is at a venue
A band is playing on the surface of the moon
A man and woman look like they are running .
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken .
A man and woman look like they are happily having their picture taken .
Two women make noise .
Two jazzwomen improvise together .
These two women are n't making any noise .
He is a photographer for a newspaper .
The woman is sitting alone , silent , reading .
A man has some cameras .
The child is looking for his mom .
The jacket is moldy .
The child is blonde .
The couch is pointed toward the front .
The child is blonde .
The child has brown hair .
A girl in bed
A girl outside
A girl jumping
The candy bars are above the womans head .
The woman is on a motor boat .
There are candy bars on the shelf .
We went out to eat .
We had a bbq with ribs and different types of kabobs .
The family were grilling dinner .
A reporter is doing a live news report .
The woman is addressing a crowd .
The woman is talking on a telephone .
A woman is speaking into a device .
The woman has dark hair and a skirt on .
A woman in a pink bathing suit dives into the pool .
There is a lion on the ice
There are a bunch of people on the ice .
The game is very intense and even .
A group of people .
A group of people hugging .
No one is looking at the camera .
A woman is lighting a fuse .
A woman is singing .
A woman is singing " Happy Birthday . "
The man is drinking a beer in a pub .
The man is tired .
The man is asian .
A girl is surrounded by toys
It 's Christmas
The girl is climbing a mountain
The cap is forwards .
The boat is fast .
The shirt is black .
The women is holding a dog .
A person is sitting and holding cats .
This person likes cats .
The bike is chained to the door .
The bike is outside .
The bike has a jet pack .
Two women exchange conversation in a crowded place .
Two men exchange conversation in a crowded arena .
Two men have a conversation in a crowded place .
A dog runs down a dirt path with a bone in its mouth .
A dog runs down a path .
A dog runs down a path with a green ball .
A boy ran from a goat .
The goat jumped into the boys arms .
A boy is holding an animal .
Two people are sliding down a hill on their bottoms .
There are two women .
A woman and her best friend walk through the hallway .
Two people are on motorcycles .
Two people are racing motorcycles .
Two people are riding horses .
a dog is sleeping
A dog catches food .
A brown dog is given a treat .
A brown dog receives a rawhide treat .
A cat is licking itself .
the dog is looking at the treat
the cat is not catching a treat
an animal is catching a treat
The dogs are running quickly in this race .
The big greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
The cats are running quickly in this race .
Three animals move on the ground .
Three dogs chase after a rabbit on the racetrack .
Three cats race on a track .
A man reads the paper .
A man sits down .
A man sits and makes mischief .
A man has a walking stick .
A man is crouched down .
A man is on his feet .
The little girl is having fun .
The little girl is at a park .
The little girl is sitting at home on the couch .
A small boy throws a sponge at a car .
A small boy is mad at his mother and throws a sponge at her car .
A small boy is playing at the park .
The woman is blonde .
Someone is wearing a red hat .
The woman is asleep .
A teacher guides the student in regards to her homework .
A girl is next to another person .
The girl is sitting on a wooden horse on a merry - go - round .
The older woman has her grandson .
The older woman is carrying a heavy boulder .
The older woman is holding something .
people running holding hands
People punching each other
people running holding hands because they are in love
Girls run outside in a park .
Several girls run a race together in a park .
Several girls sit at their desks and study .
Fans watch a band play
Fans watch a hard rock band play
A band watches the fans play
A child is playing .
A teenager is playing in his room .
A child is playing with a doll .
A husband and wife carry their son down the street
Two men carry their sleeping dog down the road
A man and woman walk while carrying a sleeping child
The crowd watches the children play in the sprinkler
They play x - box in the sprinkler
Two brothers play in the water without even noticing the crowd
The two women are checking their celluar devices .
The two women are both asleep , while the two men are driving .
The two women checking their cellphones are wives of the two men on the curb .
Woman prepares an asparagus casserole .
A man cleans carrots .
Woman cuts vegetables .
A man and woman display identical tattoos
Two men show off identical tats
A child participates in trampoline practice .
A child sits on a trampoline .
A child jumps high , assisted by a spotter and a harness .
A man is chopping wood .
Two dogs are on an airplane .
Two lumberjacks are horseplaying .
The man is in the air .
The man is on a bike .
The vehicle is black .
The baby is wearing red pretending to be a fire fighter .
The baby wants to be a doctor when he / she grows up
A baby is role playing as a professional
A woman is wearing green clothes .
A woman is raising her hands up .
A mother is angry .
The people are in the arctic .
The people are friends .
The forest is not dead .
a climber climbs a mountain
a climber is trying to get to the top of the mountain
the climber fell off the mountain
A woman wears a dress while she sweeps .
A man mops the road .
The woman sweeps in preparation .
A person is taking a nap on a summer afternoon .
A person is laying on a deck .
A person is running around the yard chasing a stick .
The man in the brown shirt is scared .
They are fighting .
The men are sharing ice cream .
Two scientists are conducting an experiment .
Two students are creating a deadly bomb in order to destroy an entire country .
Two people are referencing a textbook in a laboratory .
A man in a dark coat takes a photo .
A man in a dark coat looks to his side .
A mark in a dark coat looks to someone else .
A man in all black enters a subway car .
A woman dressed in white pants and a yellow blouse exits the large city bus .
A woman in a brightly colored outfit exits the public transportation vehicle .
A woman is talking to a man
A man is swinging from a tree
A man and women are flirting with each other
A boy is wearing a blue shirt
A boy is wearing a black shirt
A boy is watching two men spar
The group is watching television and waiting for their lottery numbers to come up .
There are several people in this photo , and they are all making music .
The group is a folk music band practicing before their first gig .
Tall people singing
People singing
Nobody is singing .
A man checks out a woman who passes him .
A man pushes a woman and runs past her .
A man lets a woman pass him .
a dog sleeps
he throws a strike
person pitches ball
A man is wearing a black shirt
A man is wearing a blue shirt
A cyclist just wiped out and is trying to get up
toddler is asleep
toddler is walking
toddler is walking to his mom
A pair of boys are taking part in a sporting activity .
One of the sons is holding a baseball bat .
The high school freshmen practice in hopes of making varsity .
The two black dogs are running beside each other .
The two dogs are white .
The two dogs are black .
The woman is naked and alone in the bathroom .
The woman has something on her head .
A player being chased by another player .
A woman with a ball being chased by a football player .
A football playing chasing the opposing teams player in a game .
A woman with red - hair screams .
A woman with red - hair hold her hand over her mouth in absolute silence .
A woman with red - hair and wearing a black tank top screams at her son who is crossing the road without looking both ways .
A scientist is talking on a cellphone .
A scientist is using a microscope .
A scientist is close to a scientific breakthrough .
An elderly bearded man sitting on the grass .
A man waiting for someone while sitting on the grass .
A man sitting inside a car .
A man is wearing glasses and white clothing .
A man is wearing glasses and black clothing .
A man is wearing glasses and light black clothing .
dog chases two cows
people stand near pole
people talk about sticking tongue on pole
There are only families at the beach today .
There are a lot of families at the beach today .
No families are allowed at the beach today .
A man does a kickflip on his skateboard .
A man rides a skateboard .
A woman rides a skateboard .
A person jumping outside .
A young girl sitting at the kitchen table .
A man walking with a caine .
A man walking to the store .
A cat hanging from a ledge .
Two people are having an arguement .
Two people are outside a truck .
Two people are talking .
A man sits alone drinking scotch in the sunlight on the beach where there is no internet connection .
Many people are at a staff meeting .
People are in a dimly lit room drinking coffee .
The women are talking about their shopping trips .
Two men wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
People are holding bags and talking .
A female belly dancer is performing in front of an audience with 2 males behind her supplying music .
A belly dancer and two male musicians are sleeping on a boat .
A female has clothes on with two males holding musical instruments .
Everyone is silent .
They are preparing for a rite .
A shirtless man is holding a gas container walking to a gas station .
A shirtless man is entering a Wendy 's .
A shirtless man is walking to a gas station .
Young woman holding a fruit basket .
Young woman holding baby boy .
Young woman holder her son .
A geriatric group of student canoeists follow their instructor .
A bunch of older people enjoy tea time .
Mob of elderly riding water crafts .
Two people are outside .
A man and his wife are relaxing outside .
Two women are relaxing outside .
A man and women exercising
A man and women dancing .
A blond has a back pack over her arm with tiny skulls on it .
A brunette completes her look with a trendy bag that spells " HOT " in flashy pink letters .
A lady carries her lunch to work in a shoulder bag with " HOT " written on it .
The man is wearing a dress .
The man is muscular .
The man is exercising .
The red plane is landing on the ground .
The airplane is flying in the sky .
Five people are in a meeting .
Two people are talking to John McCain .
Two people are having coffee with John McCain .
A couple of people stand on stage .
A couple of people are sitting in a room .
A couple of people are presenting at a conference .
The man moves the wooden post .
The dog walks to the fence .
The man fixes the wooden fence .
Some girls are in gymnastic class .
Some girls are playing volley ball .
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes .
A woman completing her backswing at a golf course .
A woman is bowling at a bowling alley .
A person wearing a helmet is watching tv .
A person is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land to get to work .
A person is riding a four wheeler on a plot of land .
There are two people sleeping in a vehicle
Two family members are asleep in the back seat of a vehicle .
Two people are talking while driving a vehicle .
A woman is proud of her culinary accomplishments .
This woman becomes violently nauseous at the sight of food .
A woman is surrounded by lots of food .
A group walks down the street .
Participants wait for the beginning of the walkathon .
A man cooks chili .
A young boy is pretending he is a train engineer .
A young boy is playing with a wooden train set .
A young boy is driving a pedal car on the sidewalk .
The life jacket is red
The boy is happy
A boy jumps in the water
they got ready to cut the cake on christmas
they got ready to cut the cake
they ate dogs for lunch
The woman is going to her hot date .
A woman sits in a bathtub .
A woman walks a pedestrian path .
Soldier is sleeping in his bunk .
Soldier is watching the train .
Soldier is doing a crossword as he watches the train .
man trying to start fire
man holds twig
girl eats banana
The dogs are outside on the race track .
The dogs are in a shelter after being used .
The cat is white .
The wall is a part of the cats home .
The cat is on its bed .
A man is in an alley .
A man is taking a walk .
A man is in outer space .
A girl is taking a picture to upload to her Facebook .
A girl is pulling a wagon along the dirt trail .
The girl is standing in front of the wall .
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
Three people are buried under the sand .
A man is about to jump off a cliff into some water .
dog chases squirrel
girl is writing
girl writes poem
A man is wearing a black shirt
A male is telling some asian kids a story about the lion king
A male is in a white shirt
There are only men in the picture .
The people are talking .
The men and women are young .
The woman was sitting on a rubber floating device in the pool .
The women was swimming in a pool of chocolate .
The woman was wearing a bathing suit .
A skateboarder falling off his board , onto the concrete below .
The city youth enjoying his skateboard , executing from the wall he painted .
A skateboarder displaying their skills .
Two women sit looking bored at a party .
A man flirts with a girl at a party and hopes to take her home .
A man and woman talk at a party .
A woman wearing a short skirt is on a crowded street .
A woman is on a crowded street .
A woman is skydiving .
The man is walking his pet dinosaur .
The man has three dogs with him .
The man is taking a rest .
A girl wears a sweater .
A girl takes a shower while wearing no clothes .
A girl wears the hat and sweater she received for Christmas .
There is only one person present .
There are multiple people present .
The girl is smoking a Camel .
Two people greeting eachother .
Two elderly women greeting eachother after years of not seeing eachother .
Two women yelling at eachother while walking down the street .
A white race dog runs around his yard .
A dog is running .
A dog is winning the race .
A boy is playing with some crayons .
A boy is excited to build a castle out of legos .
A boy has some legos .
There are some people .
A group of girls pile on the head cheerleader , trying to squash her .
Young women are competing in a cheerleading competition .
Snowboarder tries out a new board off a ramp .
Snowboarder performs jump off a ramp .
Snowboarder decides to put snowshoes on and hop around in the snow .
there is a auditorium where audience are watching live kickboxing
there was a kickboxer waiting for other one to come
there is a competetion still going on
A human is running outdoors .
A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots is running down the street after a little boy .
A little girl in pink boots is sitting in a chair .
The jeep is blue .
The jeep is new .
The woman is driving the jeep .
The man is wearing plaid .
There in no one speaking .
The man is looking unhappy .
A man has on a top hat
A man has on a sombrero
A man is singing the national anthem
A man in a dress is snow boarding .
A man in a t - shirt and shorts is rock climbing .
A man is climbing Mt Everest .
A young puppy lays at it 's mothers stomach .
The puppy 's eyes are still closed .
A bunch of puppies race around the house .
Children are trying to enjoy the outside before a snowstorm
children are at a playground
Children are enjoying the church service
three people are standing on a dock
A shark is out of the frame .
A ghost is holding the camera .
A little boy eats a red popsicle
Little boy is sleeping .
A little boy is eating
A boy is wearing shorts .
The boy is 6 years old .
the boy 's shorts are red .
The children scream as a monster jumps out
They children are protected by the bars
The bars are made of jelly beans
A girls holding bags and wearing blue and brown is standing at the end of a tunnel .
A policeman looks in a deep hole using a flashlight .
A runaway girl is wearing blue and brown while she stands at the end of a tunnel holding bags .
Flower seller on sidewalk .
Vendor baking a cake .
Tulip vendor by the curb .
A lady is taking a picture .
A lady is looking to her left .
A lady is holding a device .
A woman holds a camera and prepares to take a photo of her family .
A woman holds a camera in her hands .
A man cuts his hair .
A boy bicycles behind a man holding fruit .
A boy bicycles behind his father .
A boy skateboards behind a man holding fruit .
Woman is singing karaoke .
Woman is reaching for frozen corn at the store .
Woman is doing groceries at the store .
A boy skateboarding .
A man on a horse .
A man is rollerblading .
A man is skateboarding .
A man is skateboarding at a place that has gang presence .
A dog is sleeping in a dog bed .
The dog is playing with a stick on the beach .
The dog is playing .
A small child is playing with something .
A small child is sleeping .
A small child is playing by his mom .
A person is near a body of water .
A man climbs over treacherous rocks to reach the fishing hole .
A man is swimming to his favorite beach .
A group of teenagers at a concert .
A couple stops to look for directions on the busy street .
A man walks by himself down an empty road .
The man and woman are outside .
woman giving away stuff on the road
woman sitting in a cafe
The boy is holding a hammer .
The boy is crying .
The boy is swimming in the ocean .
The bikers race competitively for a large cash prize .
The competitive bikers swim in the ocean .
A race between competitive bikers on an inside track begins as a biker raises his arm .
Two men stand outdoors .
Two lumberjacks consult each other on how to down a tree .
Two men wearing the same color shirt stand alone indoors .
Old men are playing guitars .
Some guys in black beat their drums .
two people hike
people hike to top of mountain
girl in bath tub
a man rides a bike
the man is at home sleeping
the man is black
The people are on the subway .
People with name tags taking a picture together .
Coworkers at a seminar having their picture taken .
The man is driving a car .
The man is demolishing a house .
Five adults are sitting on stone steps playing music .
Three adults are sitting on stone steps while 2 are sitting on the railings .
There are five grownups sitting on stone steps .
The store is having a grand opening .
People are going shopping .
The store is closed .
A woman has a white shirt .
A woman has a blue shirt .
A woman has a light blue shirt .
A large tan dog is running with a patch of grass in its mouth .
A small terrier is running with a bone in its mouth .
A large dog has something green .
There is a parking lot with people and cars on it .
The parking lot is full of green and white cars .
The building has collapsed on top of a bicycle
A lady has a light black hat .
A lady has a white hat .
A lady has a black hat .
A little girl on the beach .
A person at a museum looking at dinosaurs .
A person at a museum .
A dog is sleeping under a chain .
A dog ran away from the racetrack .
A dog is in motion .
The tourists are being guided on their trip .
A bunch of people outdoors .
A group of people riding on donkeys .
A woman tearing down a giant display .
A man pointing to a display he just put up .
A man near a Blackberry display .
He sleeps under a large blanket
The cardboard makes for a poor blanket
The homeless boy takes a nap outside
A man in white shorts is not wearing a shirt .
A man in white shorts is lying on a park bench .
A man in white shorts is running on the sidewalk .
A boy is playing near the water .
A boy is building a sandcastle near the water .
A girl is playing near the water .
People boo while a bike rider stands around motionless .
People cheer as a stunt rider jumps over a car on a ramp .
People celebrate while an athlete performs tricks .
People are waiting for the boat to arrive so they can start their cruise .
People are waiting .
People are sitting in their cars on the highway .
Three man run from the police .
Three men are sitting outside .
Three businessmen sit on a bench discussing capital gains taxes .
A group of people are smoking cigarettes while sitting on a bench in the park .
A group of people look onward .
A group of people are whale watching .
The teams have purple and yellow uniforms .
The two teams are relaxing before the match .
The teams have black or red uniforms .
Two dogs are eatting pizza .
Two dogs are tied up near bicycles .
Two dogs are tied up outside .
The man has nothing on his face .
The girl is interested in the picture .
The man is attempting to draw attention to a picture .
The two men is white suits are acting excited .
The two men in white suits are standing up and pumping their fists in the air .
The two men are wearing black dresses .
A guy is riding a bike .
A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain .
A guy is watching the news on TV .
A boy jumps through the sprinklers .
A boy falls down on the grass .
A boy jumps .
A man in a hoodie is at the strip club .
A priest in a hoodie bows in a cathedral .
A man in a hoodie bows .
A woman takes her dog for a walk .
A police officer watches a situation closely .
A man looks at something in a neighborhood .
A woman is calling for a cab so she wo nt have to walk in the rain .
A person is on the phone outside in the rain .
A women sits at home and talks on the phone .
The men are on the beach .
The man are pulling in tuna fish .
The men are standing on a mountain top .
The snowboarder is in fear .
The snowboarder is outside .
The snowboarder is sitting in the lodge .
The man is looking at the unicycle .
A man is staring at the blue bike .
A man is watching the bicycle .
A man is dancing
A girl is running through the water
A girls is happy
The public square is empty .
The girl is wearing a uniform .
The crowd is watching the girl .
a large woman walks a dog
two dogs play off leash
A man and women take their dogs for a walk on the beach .
A person walks two animals along the beach .
A women loads her dogs in the car .
A man is making glass .
A man is making a glass jar .
man making a sword
man in glasses
girl sleeps
The boy has brown hair .
The boy is under the age of 18 .
The boy is eating a taco while flying on his unicorn .
Two kids were in a field with their arms down .
Two kids were arm in arm in a field .
Two kids were running outside with their arms out like airplane wings .
Two dogs playing catch .
Two kids in the park smiling .
Two kids smiling .
A man is in a white shirt .
The man is working .
The man is in a black shirt .
The people are all standing next to the railing .
The people are all sitting .
The people are all looking at something .
Several friends are playing a game of basketball .
Several boys are playing basketball inside against each other .
Some girls are playing a game of baseball .
the child was happy `
two boys ride skateboard
The car is very ugly .
The car enthusiasts were all men .
The car enthusiasts were looking at motorcycles .
The cars and people are outdoors .
The car enthusiasts cheer .
There is a beautiful car displayed .
The man is playing in an NBA game .
The man is shooting a basketball .
The man is playing football .
The kids are chasing the monkey .
The man is telling the elephant where to go .
Two people are kissing each other .
A woman kisses a man in the street after he asks her to marry him .
Two people hug as the sun shines down on them .
A tall man plating
Nobody is planting .
A man planting .
A group of people are picking cotton .
A group of people are sitting on a couch inside .
A group of people are outside .
The woman is sitting down .
The woman is enjoying the weather .
The woman is sitting in her kitchen .
The old man needs to rest because he is tired from his long journey .
The old man takes a rest .
An old man rides a bike up the hill .
Dog in green is winning Greyhound race at track
Dogs are racing on a track on a sunny afternoon
Dog is sleeping on a blanket
A man is wearing a black shirt
A man is wearing a gray shirt
A man is trying to sell his bowling ball collection
The woman is getting a haircut .
She is hoping to fix her balding .
Four people are working on a woman 's scalp .
Women separate after lunch .
Women are walking .
Men are napping .
A family is paddling in a boat .
A family is sitting .
A family is eating lunch while eating on a bench .
A man sits in the dugout .
A man is in the grass .
A man is a professional baseball player .
A man is playing tennis .
A man is playing golf .
A man is a tennis pro .
Man about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court to win the game .
Man about to swing a tennis racket .
A man in mid pose about to shoot and score the winning basketball game on the court .
The band is performing outdoors .
A bluegrass band plays for the passerby .
The orchestra plays in the concert hall .
A skateboarder likes to skateboard on ramps .
A skateboarder is texting his friends .
A skateboard is performing in front of his friends .
There are several pictures near that man in black .
The man is looking at the pictures .
None of the pictures are in color .
Three people are sitting outside red doors .
People are outside .
The two people are about to go in the doors .
Two people crossing the street .
Two ladies walking .
Two females sitting at home .
People are making candles .
People are protesting .
People are protesting police tactics .
Women wearing red dancing .
The women are uncomfortable because of the hot sand beneath their feet .
The men enjoy dancing in the sand .
A person is driving a go - kart around the streets of Honolulu .
The person is heading to the market on their bicycle .
The person is riding around on his bicycle .
A tall person in shorts
Nobody has shorts
A person in shorts
Some people are sitting on a ledge .
A group of people are on a balcony .
People are swimming in the ocean .
Two golden dogs chewing on a cushion , waiting for their master to come home .
There are dogs outside .
Two golden dogs are at the vet , getting an x - ray .
Child eating a bowl of noodles .
Child holds lit cigarette for his dad .
Child sits with a cigarette .
a dressed man sits
a man is sleeping
a dressed man with lesions is smoking
the boy liked cowboys
the boy was listening to music
the men are talking
The man is walking to a store .
A woman is running on a dirt track .
There is a man outside .
Two women having a conversation
Two women sitting
Two women exercising
a man sits
group of people walking
group of people going to lunch
The creation is near the water .
An adult is working with sand .
The man is in the middle of a busy street .
A lady sits on a bench with her purse and cell phone .
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags and a dog sits by him .
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags .
Two men running around a pond .
Two women walking .
Two women walking around a pond , talking .
The banana fell off of the tree .
The kids wer raking leaves up in the yard and stopped to play for a minute .
The children are outside .
Women are holding hands .
Women are in the city .
Dogs are eating ice cream .
The man has shorts on .
The man is wearing jeans .
The man has never skated before .
The two men are wrestling .
The two men boxing are hispanic .
The two men are involved in a physical activity .
Two kids eat Happy Meals at an outside table .
Two kids eat pizza inside a restaurant .
Two kids eat food at an outside table .
A dog is playing outside .
A dog is digging in the snow .
A dog is on the grass .
A man is sitting outside a train station .
A man is sitting down on a bench .
A man is sleeping at the train station .
A policewoman is participating ina parade .
Two men are fighting over a girl
Two men are punching at each other
Two men are kicking at each other
A person is outdoors in the rain cutting down trees surrounding his home .
A person in white is cutting down a tree near his home with a saw .
A man is using an ax to chop wood outside of his home .
It is Halloween .
The women are dressed as bears .
People are wearing costumes .
men looking at the floor
men looking at the floor because they are uncertain
a woman playing cards
A woman is putting her clothes out to dry .
A woman is in the kitchen cooking dinner .
A woman is using wooden clothespins .
People are playing a game
Men are playing professional cricket
A dog is running in front of a batter in a game .
A man is a marathon runner
A woman is eating dinner
A man is running a race
A woman is in a winter coat .
A woman looks to the side .
A woman is outside in summer .
A man is walking behind a group of people .
The man is dressed up because he is going to a funeral .
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and blue socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .
The kid is hitting a baseball .
The kid is playing soccer .
The kid is playing in a baseball game .
The defending player is doing his best to prevent the offensive player from scoring a goal .
The soccer players are getting a drink of water .
Both of the soccer players want control of the ball .
The guitar is on fire .
The guy teaches his new guitar tricks to his friend .
Someone plays a guitar .
There are some people in clothes and there is a musical instrument .
One man serenades the other man .
Two men are playing the piano .
The two men are near a public street bench outside
One man is listening to rap music while the older man is playing rock music
The older man is shopping for groceries
The men do not have anything to drink .
The men have beverages .
The men do not like the coffee that they are drinking .
A person is riding outside .
A man is driving a four wheeler on the beach .
A woman is riding a motorcycle down the road .
A duck is decorated with the finest jewels known to duck .
A farmer is leading his horse carrying hay back to the barn .
A man is outside next to a sled filled with hay pulled by a horse .
There are several people browsing the tomato selection at the local farmer 's market .
The man is walking his dog on the sidewalk .
People are outside .
A young lady stands at a bus station .
An old guy sits on a bench by a cracked sidewalk reading a red book .
A guy on a bench reading .
The man is on his way to his first job interview after graduating college .
There is one man in this picture .
The man is baking a cake for his wife 's birthday party .
The man has clothing on .
The people are swimming at the pool club
The man has a headache .
Zebras play zydeco .
A child wishes for Spring .
A child is unhappy .
The dog is retrieving a tennis ball
The dog flies through the air
The dog runs along outdoors
A conductor is conducting music in front of an audience .
A conductor is conducting a Beethoven symphony in front of a Parisian crowd .
Two dogs are doing skateboard tricks in the park .
The woman found a humean finger .
The woman is cleaning .
The woman is in the bathroom .
Some men are playing a sport .
A men 's soccer team winning the World Cup .
A group of men playing a baseball game .
the man is sitting at home
the man is walking
the man is white
There is a little girl blowing bubbles outside .
There is a girl celebrating her birthday at a restaurant .
There is a girl eating at a restaurant whilst wearing a hat .
A crossing guard waits for school to let out .
A woman chops carrots .
A woman on the sidewalk .
Two men are sitting close together and one is playing his guitar .
Two men drink coffee .
The women are taking a nap .
The women are sitting down to lunch .
The women are having a drink together .
The boy and girl are outside .
The couple are getting their pictures professionally taken at the railroad tracks .
The boy and girl are arguing .
A woman is protesting something .
A woman is moving across the pavement .
This woman is indoors .
The couple is about to jump off a building .
There are people next to buses .
The group is waiting for the band members to exit their colorful buses .
There are many red cars .
The traffic is halted and people are walking between the cars .
The cars are zooming past the people .
the woman is naked
a woman is amazed
the woman is white
Four people are standing and one of them is pointing at an airplane in the sky .
Four people are standing .
Two people are sitting on the ground .
A man is trying to figure out how to work a 3-d printer .
A gadget is being examined .
A young man is blindfolded .
the people are running through fire
the people are old
people looking at books
women are waiting for a sale
people are sleeping on beds
women are outdoors
A Caucasian man plays with his hair in the shower .
A man wears a hat while sitting on the sofa .
A man in the shower makes a funny hairstyle for his laughing son .
A woman is washing her hair in a running shower .
A man is taking a shower .
A man is shampooing his hair in a shower with a ducky themed shower curtain .
A man on the beach .
A man swimming in the water with goggles .
A man smiling while swimming in goggles .
A painter is dressed in gray and working on a painting of a town .
A person is holding a baseball bat and standing at the plate awaiting an oncoming pitch .
A painter is wearing a dark colored apron with a brush in her right hand .
The rescue diver is emerging from the dirty water .
The rescue diver is diving into the clear water .
The rescue diver has rescued a young boy from the muddy river .
The young women helped them win the game .
The young women is outside .
The young women is bowling .
The man is running around on the field as people watch .
Spectators watch a man tumble .
The man is falling down the stairs at a sports game .
the dog is chasing a rabbit .
the dog was shot
a dog runs through the woods .
A man drives a limo .
A man gets out of a truck .
A man gets ready to go to work .
A woman with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain - linked fence .
A man with a shaved head behind a chain - linked fence .
A man with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain - linked fence .
A woman is at a airport .
An older woman stands with her luggage .
A young woman with luggage .
Everybody is bald
A tall person with hair
A person with hair
An older woman is sitting at a table
A woman is twerking in the club
A woman is waiting for her drink
An old woman is eating lunch in a blue room .
A n old woman is waitng for someone in a yellow room .
An old woman is in a yellow room .
Three women walk down a walkway
A man dances on a volcano
There are people walking down a walkway
There are at least two figures in the picture .
The man is using the dog as a paddle .
The canoe is in the water .
The girl is asleep in her car seat .
The girl is wearing black slippers .
The girl 's eyes are open .
A toddler is going down a slide .
A toddle is seated in a swing in a large park .
A toddler is wearing a yellow dress .
The dog is on the track .
The dog is in a race .
The dog is asleep in the park .
The woman is waiting to order a sandwich .
The woman is eating a sandwich .
A woman stands in a line .
A girl is in the field .
A girl is running across the busy street .
A girl is running across the field to see her dog .
The man is dancing on the street .
The man in all black is doing the tango .
The man in black dances to 80 's pop music .
A man and woman are in a hardware store .
A man and woman are outside of a store .
A couple is shopping in a store .
The two women are outside .
The women are walking on the sidewalk .
There is a snowstorm .
nobody is sitting
A blond human sitting
A human sitting
A girl plays with her doll at the pool .
A girl plays with a faucet .
A girl plays with her doll in the faucet .
a little girl is handing a ball to dog
a girl eating her dinner
a girl is handing a ball to her pet dog
A woman eats grapes .
A man and woman hug .
A couple says a tearful goodbye .
The boy was given a bubble bath after playing outside .
A young child is blowing soapy water to form circles filled with air .
The little boy was wearing orange shorts , too .
A lone surfboarder is practicing for an upcoming competition .
A lone surfboarder is running along the beach .
A lone surfboarder on a a white surfboard is riding the waves .
They are men on stage .
They are talking about setting up things for the next show .
The men are playing baseball .
The people are making lanterns .
The people are baking a cake .
The people are painting the lanterns red .
A women is is confused about her writing .
a man is working .
A women is confused about something she sees outside .
A man is flexing .
He is hoping to impress his friends .
The man is climbing a ladder .
a basketball player slam dunking the ball to win the game
a basketball player slam dunking his doughnut in his coffee
a basketball player slam dunking the ball
a donkey runs
men have weapons
army rangers practice shooting
The cobblestone street is full of runners .
The person walking has shoes on .
The cobblestone street is not empty .
a woman with red bikini bottoms is playing volleyball
a woman is playing voleyball
a woman with bikini bottoms is playing volleyball with friends
The woman is shooting a basket through the hoop .
The woman is near the volleyball .
The woman is at the beach .
Some friends drinking and listening to music at a party .
A man and his brother driving by the beach .
Friends are enjoying their time together .
People are walking on a dirt path .
People are walking outside .
People walking away from the water .
The female is wearing a t - shirt .
The blond girl is wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn to put lawn trimmings in .
The blond girl is sleeping in bed .
One woman and one man stand in front of a new car while wearing green sweaters .
Two sisters pose in front of their new motorcycles on a busy street .
Two women wearing tops and shorts stand by some motorcycle in the street .
There are some humans wearing outfits .
A group of soldiers do pull - ups .
Actors are performing in a musical .
A fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .
A young man gets hit in the face with a frisbee .
A broken fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .
A White man is getting his hair cut .
A Black man is getting his hair cut .
A Spanish man is cutting another mans hair .
A group of people are walking through an area of public transportation .
Three friends are about to board a train after work .
A few people are sitting in a dining car of a train drinking coffee .
The bus was late ,
The subway is a busy place .
50 people walked to the wrong subway hall .
military surrounds cars during the day .
the military surrounds some vehicles .
the military surrounds their own vehicles .
A woman puts on clown makeup .
A woman puts on makeup .
A woman pees in a toilet .
A man observes the broken furniture nearby
The bed is broken
A man is sad he broke the couch
Two women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
Two elder men have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
Two sad elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
People are walking with balloons .
All of the balloons are blue .
None of the balloons would blow up because they had holes in them .
Ice fisherman gain access to the water .
Ice fisherman grind their first hole of the day .
These Hawaiins are demonstrating deep free diving in August .
A grizzly bear is attacking someone in a blue hat .
A person is in the grass holding a fishing pole and wearing a yellow hat .
A person in the grass is wearing a yellow hat and holding a fishing pole to catch catfish .
A butcher stands over his freshly cut meat .
A new baker works on their bread .
A worker stands over a bread display .
The young girl with bare feet is losing her balance .
The girl is sitting on the floor .
The girl is falling onto the concrete .
People are indoors .
People are leaving a building .
People are waiting for a surprise party .
A lonely boy picks up a penny off the ground .
A group of people watch something .
A group of friends watch television .
Some people are seen inside a room .
People are in a room listening to a lecture .
The couple is taking a picture .
the men are gangsters
the men are seated and getting lapdances
fivem men are standing
a man and a woman are celebrating a birthday
a man and woman are at the table together
a man and a dog are eating ham
A cowboy is wearing a blue shirt
A cowboy is trying to keep his horse calm for the competition
A cowboy is wearing a red shirt
A joyously smiling young girl with blond - hair
A not smiling young girl with blond - hair
A smiling young girl with blond - hair
A man is talking to a dog on thebeach
It is a saturday
People are onthe beac
Someone is on a board with four wheels .
Someone is skateboarding outside .
A skateboarder tailwhips his bicycle .
The man is fat
A man is named Chris
The name tag says Bill
Seven people are riding motorbikes .
Seven people are racing on their motorbikes .
Seven people are racing in the parking lot at the grocery store .
The people are riding bikes on a street .
The people are racing .
The people are riding bikes .
Persons are standing .
Persons are sitting on their couch .
Persons are standing outdoors under a bridge archway .
A toddler is asleep .
An adult is asleep .
The toddler is a boy .
A group of women are watching a horse race
There is a rodeo event taking place
A group of men are getting ready to ride horses in a rodeo
The lady is late for a meeting .
The lady needs a ride .
The lady is taking a nap .
the lady is sitting
the lady is outside a mcdonalds
the lady is standing
A man with a name tag that reads " Ben " is standing in front of a screen .
a man gives a presentation to a big crowd
a man talks into a microphone
A man wearing a zombie costume is at a party holding a brown beer bottle .
a man sits on a sofa
A man with a microphone is standing in front of a screen .
The men are painting .
The men are painting the wall black .
The men are sitting at the table .
A boy in a pool .