A person is training his horse for a competition .
A person is at a diner , ordering an omelette .
A person is outdoors , on a horse .
They are smiling at their parents
There are children present
The kids are frowning
The boy skates down the sidewalk .
The boy does a skateboarding trick .
The boy is wearing safety equipment .
An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work .
A boy flips a burger .
An elderly man sits in a small shop .
Some women are hugging on vacation .
The women are sleeping .
There are women showing affection .
The people are eating omelettes .
The people are sitting at desks in school .
The diners are at a restaurant .
A man is drinking juice .
Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine .
A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive .
A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park .
A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park
A blond man drinking water from a fountain .
The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table .
There are two woman in this picture .
The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years , and have had a great time catching up .
The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug , both clutching their doggie bags .
Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off .
Two women hug each other .
A team is trying to score the games winning out .
A team is trying to tag a runner out .
A team is playing baseball on Saturn .
A school hosts a basketball game .
A high school is hosting an event .
A school is hosting an event .
The women do not care what clothes they wear .
Women are waiting by a tram .
The women enjoy having a good fashion sense .
A child with mom and dad , on summer vacation at the beach .
A family of three is at the beach .
A family of three is at the mall shopping .
The people waiting on the train are sitting .
There are people just getting on a train
There are people waiting on a train .
A couple are playing with a young child outside .
A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach .
A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach .
The family is sitting down for dinner .
The family is outside .
The family is on vacation .
The people are standing still on the curb .
Near a couple of restaurants , two people walk across the street .
The couple are walking across the street together .
The woman is nake .
The woman is cold .
The woman is wearing green .
The man with the sign is caucasian .
They are protesting outside the capital .
A woman in white .
A man is advertising for a restaurant .
The woman is wearing black .
A man and a woman walk down a crowded city street .
The woman is wearing white .
They are working for John 's Pizza .
Olympic swimming .
A man and a soman are eating together at John 's Pizza and Gyro .
They are walking with a sign .
The woman is waiting for a friend .
The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John 's Pizza and Gyro in his arms .
The woman and man are outdoors .
A woman ordering pizza .
The people are related .
Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them .
The adults are both male and female .
Two people walk home after a tasty steak dinner .
Two adults swimming in water
Two adults walk across a street .
Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel .
Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street .
Two adults walking across a road near the convicted prisoner dressed in red
Two friends cross a street .
Some people board a train .
Two adults walk across the street .
Two adults walking across a road
There are no women in the picture .
Two adults walk across the street to get away from a red shirted person who is chasing them .
A married couple is sleeping .
A female is next to a man .
A married couple is walking next to each other .
Nobody has food .
A woman eats a banana and walks across a street , and there is a man trailing behind her .
The woman and man are playing baseball together .
two coworkers cross pathes on a street
A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk , and there is another woman in front of her with a purse .
The mans briefcase is for work .
A person eating .
A person that is hungry .
An actress and her favorite assistant talk a walk in the city .
a woman eating a banana crosses a street
the woman is a seductress
a woman sits for lunch
the woman is having coffee at the cafe
The woman is eating a banana .
the woman is outside
A skier is near the rail looking down .
A skier is near the rail .
A skier is away from the rail .
The woman eats a car
The person skiis
They are fantastic skiiers
The skier was on the edge of the ramp .
The brightly dressed skier slid down the race course .
The jogger ran through the streets .
A snowboarder is riding a ski lift .
A skier is competing in a competition .
Somebody is engaging in winter sports .
The man is drinking water .
The man is very thirsty .
The man is drinking coffee .
The dog is sleeping in his bed .
A dog is playing fetch in a pond .
A dog is in the water .
A cat reluctantly takes a bath .
An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy .
A dog swims in a body of water .
A dog is chasing a fish .
A dog is swimming .
A dog is running around the yard .
A dog is chasing a stick .
A photographer is taking pictures of a dog .
A dog swims towards the camera .
The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse - drawn cart .
The man with the gray hat and pitchfork is directing the cart .
The woman in a blue dress is hitching a horse to a cart .
A man is walking with his horse up a country road .
A woman in a gray business suit is drinking tea .
A man in a straw hat and overalls is walking with his horse up a country road .
The man is fertilizering his garden .
The man is on the city street with his horse and wagon .
The man is in an open field with a horse and wagon .
A horse is hauling goods .
An animal is walking outside .
A man is watching a horse race .
A group watches a practice .
The pastor and elders watch the choir to make sure they are good .
a dog catch the ball on a beach
a dog drops a disc with a boy
a dog drops a red disc
A married couple walks atop a hill .
A man and woman walk on a street .
Two men play catch on a hill .
An elderly man is drinking apple juice at a bar .
An older gentleman is enjoying his orange juice at a new cafe .
An old man is enjoying a beverage at a cafe .
Two men hold hands while walking down the street .
There are people sitting on the side of the road .
People are holding hands and walking .
People are walking outdoors .
A man and woman walk in a brown brick city .
A man and woman walk through a big city .
The children are at the library .
The school children head home .
The children are walking in the afternooon .
People are listening to a metal band .
Choir singing in mass .
People are in mass for a first communion
A bicyclist is sitting down having lunch at the mall .
The bicyclists are outside .
Bicyclists waiting for a car to pass .
A person on a bike is waiting while the light is green .
The bicycles are on a road .
A person on a bike is near a street .
Bikers stop and wait for traffic at the intersection .
The bicyclists ride through the mall on their bikes .
Bicyclists waiting their turn to cross .
Bicyclists riding along a freeway .
The bicyclists are dead .
The bicyclists are riding to the book store .
The bicyclists are in a race .
The bicyclists are at home .
A group of bicyclists remain on the sidewalk at the intersection .
A bunch of friends are on a boat
People with bikes .
There are people on bikes at a light
The people are inside waiting .
There are some people outside .
People are on their bikes .
The people are riding their bikes to the gym .
People biking through the city .
The people are on bikes .
There is traffic next to the bikes .
The people are running a red light .
People in a car race .
Men and women outside on a street corner .
A ladybug has landed on a beautiful pink rose .
Men and women on their motorcycles , wearing helmets and protective jackets .
The people are on skateboards .
People are riding their bicycles .
There is a bike race happening right now .
People on bicycles enjoy a conversation waiting for traffic .
The people are trying to get to the convenience store across the street .
People wait on traffic .
Some people on bikes are stopped at a junction .
People are waiting on foot .
There are bicyclists stopped at a road .
The people are sleeping .
The people are waiting for the movie to begin .
More than one person on a bicycle is obeying traffic laws .
People are on mountain bikes .
There are people on bicycles .
People on bicycles speed through an intersection .
The cart is empty .
A man is giving another man a piggyback ride .
A cart is full of items .
A man is sleeping under a bench .
A man watches another man .
A produce vendor is watched by a health department worker .
Someone is on top of a cart full of items , while someone else observes .
The man is watching a woman .
A merchant and his assistant are trying to determine how many products are in their cart .
The cart is full of coal .
A man is standing on top of a cart .
The cart is filled to the top .
The men are outside .
A man eats octopus .
A man is standing on a cart full of groceries .
A male is getting a drink of water .
A sculptor takes a drink from a fountain that he made that looks like his girlfriend .
A man is drinking lemonade from a glass .
cars stop in town
Bikers stop in towns
A town has witnessed the arrival of three bikers .
Thoes bikers are slowing down
The bikers are riding Harley 's .
Three bikers are going 100 mph
The bikers breathe water
Bikers stop for gas
Three bicyclists are riding in a pack .
There is a very angry dog .
Three bikers are taking a rest in the town .
The bikers are in the town .
A group of bikers are in the street .
The bikers did n't stop in the town .
Five bikers are riding on the road .
A man is carrying a canoe to the water .
A couple of people are loading brush onto a trailer that is attached to a truck .
Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck so they can go camping and burn it .
a bearded man pulls a rope
A bearded man is pulling a rope at work .
A man pulls on a rope .
The man was on the job trying to move some equipment .
a man pulls his beard
a bearded man is pulling a car with his teeth .
a man competes in a rope pulling contest
A man is trying to pull his car out of a lake
The man was clean shaven .
A bearded man is pulling on a rope .
A man is dragging a sled behind him .
A man in a swimsuit , swings on a rope .
A man is wearing a black shirt
A man is pulling on a rope .
The man is able to grow a beard .
A man is naked on the bed .
A man is wearing a red and gray shirt .
A man has facial hair .
The middle aged oriental woman is watchingt v
A middle aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile
The middle aged oriental woman is very happy
An Asian woman is happy because she found money on the ground .
An Asian woman is smiling at while another lady is rowing .
An Asian woman is running from a dog .
A worker is doing something to a boat .
The boat worker is swimming in the ocean .
The boat worker works hard to establish the line .
A small girl with a necklace is swimming in a pool
A fat girl is diving off the edge
A small girl with a necklace is in the water
A skate swims in the pool .
A skater is in the pool .
A skater grinds on the lip of the pool .
A man is wrapped in a UNICEF blanket .
A couple carrying a child are walking along water .
An Indian couple is seeking refuge with a humanitarian organization .
A group of people are possing for an add .
A man and a woman are hoding their son .
A man is watching an airplane .
Three adults are pictured .
A man is wearing something with writing on it .
A woman is holding a baby .
they are riding a bike
People are walking next to a lake .
A foreigner group of cousins hike along a trail next to a stream .
A foreign family walks by a dirt trail along a body of water .
The family is admiring the water
The people are driving a car on the freeway .
A family of foreigners swims in the water .
they are trying not to fall in the water
A group of locals run on a dirt trail next to a frozen stream .
A family of foreigners walks by the water .
A family walks along a dirt path .
A family plays board games at their dinner table .
There is a family taking a walk outside .
A family walks along a dirt path in a forest by a pond .
A family of foreigners walks by the lake .
People are looking at sculptures at a museum .
There are people next to sculptures .
A man and a woman are happily standing .
People standing near sculptures
Three people are looking at painting at a school fair .
Nobody is standing .
The sculptures are a recent creation .
A man and a woman are standing .
Tall people standing
The is a single sculpture .
The man and woman are standing by a swimming pool .
People are looking at scultures that were made by a famous artist .
There are sculptures of people .
There are scultupres nearby .
A man and a woman are sitting .
all the women are well dressed
all the young girls won the first prize
there are some groups one of them of young females are in dresses strolling for a ramp walk
a man is photographing a man skateboarding .
a man is riding his scooter alone
tony hawks manager is photographing tony hawk skateboarding
A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is being taken by aliens .
Photographers capture a male skateboarder performing tricks inside an abandoned building .
A woman is skateboarding with her boyfriend .
A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is performing a trick .
A man photographs a wedding .
A man is taking photos of his son doing tricks on the skateboard .
A man photographs Tony Hawk skateboarding .
A man is taking photos of skateboarding tricks .
People take photos outdoors while a man performs exciting skateboarding tricks .
A man is photographing another man .
A pro photographer is taking pictures of a pro skater .
Two men are going down a water slide .
A man photographs a skateboarder doing tricks .
A man tries to get the perfect picture of a skateboarder for a magazine .
A male skateboarder performs tricks outdoors for professional photographers .
The people are driving cars
The people are part of a club
People have bikes
Two people eating ice cream cones at the mall .
Two people taking their bikes to the trail .
One person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them .
A young man roller blades across a ramp while being photographed .
A helmet - less young man does a trick on a skateboard while being photographed .
A man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs .
A lady is about to propose to her boyfriend .
A lady with a serious face is standing with two guys in front of steps outside .
Three guys are standing indoors with flowers in their hands .
The man is in the theatre watching Avatar .
The man is part of the gay pride parade .
A man is outside .
Four friends are having a competition to see who throws the most water out of a pool .
A group of young men are splashing a lot of water .
Some boys are eating pizza in a restaurant .
The three men are by the lake .
The three men are outside .
The three men are indoors playing Foosball .
A woman holding a blue basket full of food at a family cookout .
A woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands .
A woman holding a blue basket full of easter eggs outside of a church .
A car gets stuck in the water .
A car is in the shop .
A car drives through the water .
A group of people are outside .
A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard .
People watch tv in their living room .
A car is flooding .
A car has crashed into a large lake .
A truck drives down a country road in the sunshine .
A man is playing the guitar .
A man is singing as he plays guitar .
A man is playing the piano .
The bald man played the drums .
A guy stands on stage with his guitar .
One crazy looking man plays in a show .
The woman is carrying her child .
The woman is on a trolley .
The woman and child are on a subway train .
Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting .
Coworkers left work and are driving to lunch .
There are people at work .
Two ladies are studying for their final exam .
The girls are watching a movie .
Some women are reading .
A man walks away from a wall he has defaced .
A man sits and reads the graffiti on a wall .
Grafffiti on a brick wall .
The people are not holding onto anything .
The people are holding onto the rail .
The people are on a trolley in san Francisco .
The man is swimming
The man is outside
The man seems happy
a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip
tony hawk is performing a skating trick
a guy is performing a bike trick
The woman is wearing a coat .
The woman loves her blonde hair .
The woman is guarding herself from the snow .
A brother and sister chase each other in a field .
Kids are playing outdoors .
Two children are reading at their desks .
A man runs outside .
A male sitting indoors .
A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa .
Do n't play with rocks
Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field
Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field with family
Some girls are running through an open field .
Two girls are playing outside .
Some girls are running on the sidewalk , next to some parked cars .
The children are at home eating lunch .
The children are playing in a rocky field .
The children are playing catch .
The dancing woman is on the grass .
The woman in green and pink is dancing .
The dancing woman is alone in her bedroom .
Man looking at the camera .
Man looking at something .
Man is walking away to the hall .
A man in a gold skirt sitting at his computer watching the computer screen .
A man in a golf skirt sitting at his computer typing to his friends online .
A man in blue pants sitting and watching the television .
the man is working on the computer
the man called off work and was at the zoo all day
the man is doing a project for work
A man is standing in the rain .
A man waiting with his computer .
A man buying a new laptop .
a man is looking at his webcam
he is covering up his face
a man is sticking his tongue out
A young girl has a bowl on her head
A toddler dumped her bowl of spaghetti on her head
A man is eating cereal in his car
the crowd cheers as he peforms
the woman does a hula dance
the man is dancing
The toddler is getting a checkup .
The doctor is looking inside the toddler 's mouth .
The toddle might be sick .
A young woman wearing an evening gown , and holding her shoes in her hands , is dipping one foot into Buckingham Fountain in Chicago .
A young blond woman is sitting down on a beach chair .
A person is dipping her foot into water .
The woman is riding a train .
A woman is near a fountain .
The woman has one foot in the air .
A woman is walking in park
A woman is very eager to touch the water
A woman is like to touch the water in fountain
A woman stand on a fountain and dips her toes in .
A woman sits on the grassy ground .
An old woman stands on a fountain and sticks her toes in .
The couple is outdoors .
The couple is married .
The couple is having dinner at a restaurant .
A man stares at a passing couple .
The man is jealous of the couple .
The woman stares at a couple as they argue down the block .
couple walking home
couple walking
bear in zoo
A married couple are fighting on the sidewalk .
A married couple are holding hands as they walk along the city sidewalk .
A man and a woman are holding hands .
A man wearing blue sleeping with his child in his lap inside his home .
A man wearing red standing with his child at a beach overlooking the ocean .
A man wearing red standing with his child as they watch others build sand castles at the beach .
People are playing a sport in honor of crippled people .
People are playing football without gear .
People a playing a sport to help fund a crippled people fund .
Two sad men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball .
Two people in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball .
Two women in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball .
Some wheelchair basketball players playing the basketball match .
Three wheelchair basketball players playing basketball in field .
A peoples are taking coffee together at coffeshop .
Four guys are playing cards .
Four guys are playing basketball .
The four players are handicapped .
the dogs are fighting
there are three dogs
the dog playing
Two puppies bite their mother , while she pants .
Two dogs are sleeping while a third eats its food .
A pair of dogs tease a third with nibbles .
The puppies are sleeping in a basket .
They are playing at the dog park .
Three puppies are playing outside .
dogs bitting
dogs attacking another dog
dog sitting in filed
Tourist walking around an art museum .
A group of tourist waiting for a train outside .
A group of tourist waiting for a train at a train station .
a old man was talking
the boys were angry
the child was happy
A female is leaving a movie theatre .
A woman walking outside .
A woman is cleaning up .
A man stands .
My love 's like a red , red wig .
Others are nearby .
A woman eats a pickle .
Two people dancing outdoors .
Two people dancing while a band performs .
Two people are having a conversation .
Men are exchanging ideas .
A crowd is talking over each other .
They are going fast .
A biker is doing jumps by trees .
They are n't on bikes .
A person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike .
The biker is jumping into a hole .
A person rides a bike outdoors .
The biker can be a man or a woman
There 's a biker
A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area .
The biker is using a small bike to jump a hole .
They are avoiding trees .
The mountain biker is going on a desert trail .
The biker is trying to jump over a volcano .
He 's indoors
A person is riding in a bobsled .
The old men are discussing the weather .
Two old men in winter coats talk outside .
The old men are wearing raincoats .
The men are drinking coffee and having some cookies
The men are sleeping
There are two men outside in this picture
Two men preparing for a snowball fight .
People are near snow .
Men making snow angels .
These men never wore coats .
They are outside wearing coats .
It is cold , but they went outside anyway .
A woman is brushing her hair in her bedroom .
A man is holding an accordian .
A man is looking at a hundreds of dollars .
ravine jumping is never easy
there is a bmx biker who is perfect in ravine jumping
anybody can do ravine jumping
the bike is tied to a stop sign
the car is parked at the sign
the bike is tied to a sign
A bike is on the ground about to be reparied
A bike with a flat tire is not being ridden
A bike it outside
A boy riding a bike .
A boy walking away .
A bicycle chained up with a boy walking away .
A city filled with people in the middle of the daytime .
A abandoned city at the edge of the world .
A crowded city filled with many cars on a warm summer day .
People are walking to the park .
People are outside .
The people are asleep .
The city has a lot of people in it .
The city is very large .
The city looks like Lawrence , Kansas .
There is a city .
The field of poppies is perfectly still .
Times Square in New York City is full of people and bustling with noise and activity .
A man is painting a painting .
A woman is making a flower pot .
An artist is sculpting with clay .
A barber is inside his shop standing in the front .
A barber is at work .
The barber is closing the shop at the end of the day .
There is an individual waiting indoors .
A man is waiting to get his haircut .
A man is brushing his teeth .
A woman happily preparing to glaze
A woman not preparing to glaze
A woman preparing to glaze
A woman wearing gloves is washing dishes .
A woman wearing a red apron inspects a large black pot on a table filled with cups , bowls , pots and baskets of assorted size .
A woman is wearing an apron .
A man is modeling for a cooking show .
A woman is trying to model for a sports magazine .
A model is doing a shoot .
Firemen walking outside
The station is empty
The firemen are not working
Firemen are walking .
Exhausted looking firemen are walking back to the fire station to rest .
Determined looking firemen are running into a burning building .
Three man are holding axes in their left hands .
The three firefighters are discussing sports .
The firemen are gathered one is holding his helmet .
The man directed the clean up crew where to go .
The woman jogged alongside the crew .
The man walked alongside the crew .
A boy floats on top of water .
A little boy swimming at a beach .
A child swimming .
A man has parked his truck .
A Ford is being driven on a track .
A man is racing his truck .
The people are all climbing out of the water .
The people are all jumping into a body of water .
The people are all friends .
The toy is waterproof .
The Lone Ranger swims again .
Small boy in pool holds toy .
A little boy is chasing a dog .
A little boy is holding a pool ring .
A little boy is underwater .
A man is riding in his first rodeo .
A rodeo clown chases a bull .
A man is being bucked on a horse .
The man rides an animal .
The man is trying not to fall .
The man is riding a motorcycle .
A woman is using a machine to make coconut milk .
A woman is sitting on the couch .
A woman is at a machine .
The man is boiling a pot of corn .
There is a person processing vegetables .
A man is shucking a large pile of corn .
The woman is making jewelry at the park .
The woman has a small child trapped in the machine who sews clothes .
The woman is outdoors with a machine .
A child is wearing a bandana .
A person is cooking mexican food .
A person is cooking .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
The man is running .
The man is wearing headphones .
The women are exercising .
The women are both dressing in green .
The women are doing yoga .
The students are taking a beginners ' yoga class .
The students solve equations on the board .
A yoga class is in progress .
They stretched on yoga mats outside .
The people stretched on yoga mats .
They stretched on bikes .
The people are doing yoga
The people are working out
The people are sleep .
Two women are walking with strollers .
Men watching motorcyclist .
Motorcylist performing in annual race .
The girls are climbing a tree
There is a young person talking with others near the bustop
there is a group of people waiting outside
People pose for a picture .
People pose for a family picture .
Two people are yelling .
The man is laying down to sleep
The man is checking into a 4 star hotel
The man is sleeping on the grass because he is homeless
The white and brown dog is in the air .
The dog is taking a nap .
The dog is catching a frisbee .
A young boy eats a sandwich .
A young boy sits on the ground in a family picture .
A boy sits at peoples feet .
A man is wearing blue .
The man is tired .
The man is drinking a beer in a pub .
The people are inside playing soccer .
The people are on lunch break .
There are a group of people are standing outside .
The people are outside .
The little girl is riding a horse .
The people are walking home in the rain .
She is packing .
The girl is going on a trip .
The woman is standing up unpacking .
A girl is running on the trail .
A boy is hiking on the trail .
A girl is running downhill on the trail .
3 people are walking along a path .
2 people are on the path .
three people are walking along a path trying to get home before the storm hits .
A blonde woman looks for things in a suitcase .
A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .
A brunette woman checks her suitcase before boarding a plane .
A woman is packing for a trip .
A man is packing his golf clubs .
A woman is filling a suitcase .
A young man packs belongings into a black trash bag .
A young woman distributes belongings into a black box .
A young woman packs belongings into a black luggage carrier .
The people are walking in a big group .
The people are running towards the mountains .
The people are walking outdoors .
A man sitting on a street .
A man jogging on the street .
A man resting on a street .
Highschool homcoming marching band is marching .
The drum lady drive a bus .
She plays in a band .
Someone is toting packages in an urban setting .
A young lad delivers groceries by bicycle in the city .
A man delivers groceries to shut - in seniors in the city .
A man doing a wheelie
A man standing beside a crashed motorcycle
A motorcyclist doing a wheelie
A man is waiting for someone to fix his scooter .
A man is outside , near the street .
A man is relaxing at the bar .
The man is playing basketball .
The man is standing .
The man is lighting a cigarette .
A man is sitting on a motorcycle .
A man is sitting on a motorcycle and drives away .
A man in black is playing with his cat on Sunday .
A man smokes a cigarette while sitting on his scooter .
The man drinks a beer while sitting in his car .
The man is smoking something while sitting on the scooter .
A man on the motorcycle
Man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk
A man driving his car
The woman danced alone .
The couple danced .
The couple danced in the competition .
People are running for a charity .
the runners waited to start the olympic race
People wearing pink and purple get ready for a race
People wearing their bright team uniforms await the pistol that signifies the start of their race
People are having a cook off .
People in orange vests await the beginning of a race to win first prize .
People wait for a race to begin .
The people waiting are part of the race .
the athlete backflips off of a mountain
People in orange vests are racing in a race that has started .
People in orange vests await the beginning of a race .
People are wearing colorful clothes
People are racing backwards through Hell .
People are waiting for a race .
the runners waited to start the race
They movie is very loud in the background .
The people dance on the sidewalk .
The two people are dancing .
The skier is in a competition .
The skier is wearing a jumpsuit .
The skateboard is wearing a blue jumpsuit .
J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event .
The track event has no security .
Security guards are searching for weapons at a track event .
The couple are dancing together .
The people are moving .
Two people are eating dinner .
There is a farmer laying down outdoors
There is a farmer with a horse wagon
There is a farmer riding a wagon outdoors
Old men playing soccer while the sun sets .
Children playing soccer while the sun sets .
Girls playing soccer while the sun sets .
No one is playing soccer .
People are playing soccer for a competition .
People are playing soccer .
Two skilled soccer teams are competing against one another for the championship .
There is a soccer game .
Two baseball teams are competing .
Soccer teams are competing outdoors .
A football team is playing hockey against a soccer team in an ice rink .
A soccer team is about to win a soccer game .
Two men riding bikes .
Two men wearing aprons .
Two men serving food .
a sports game is being played
the world cup is being played
a basketball game is ocurring at sunrise
A small child is playing video games in his bedroom .
A child plays at a park .
A small boy is playing tag at a park with his friends .
There is a little boy in brown pants .
There is a little girl in red pants .
There is a little boy who likes the color brown .
A child takes a break from school .
A child is napping .
A child plays on a playground .
The woman is wondering if she left her car open .
The woman is wearing a grocery bag to her car .
A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog .
A man in a red shirt is looking up .
A person looks up .
There are three girls
The girls are at home
The girls like amusment parks
The woman bought unhealthy food
The woman is in Target
A woman is in Walmart
Brown dog is sleeping next to the water
Brown dog treads through water as he is soaked in water
Brown dog treads through water as he swims towards shore
A woman is standing at the counter at Target .
A woman has children with her at the check out counter .
A woman has three children with her .
A mother is with her two children at Walmart buying food
Food makes people hungry
A mother is with her two children at walmart
A monkey is eating a banana .
A woman is modeling appliances for the camera .
There is a woman in a room .
A boy is boating in a pond .
A boy is in a boat .
A boy is swimming .
A baseball playing is throwing a ball
A baseball player is swinging to hit the ball .
A baseball is broken
A dog is chasing a ball on the beach .
A dog is sleeping in the living room .
A dog is outside .
A dog is running up the stairs at home .
A dog is running with his owner outside .
A dog is running outside .
A dog runs across the beach .
A dog chases birds on the beach .
A dog snuggle down under blankets on the couch .
A dog on the beach .
A seagull on the dock .
A dog runs after his boy and the frisbee .
Player is giving the ball away
Pitcher is winding up a throw
The player tossed the football
The cheerleaders are wearing blue .
An empty field .
Some people are cheering on a field .
Cheerleaders are waiting for the game to begin .
The football player killed the cheerleader with his bullet pass .
The Dallas Cowboys ' cheerleaders are trying to pump - up the crowd .
There are people outdoors .
Cheerleaders cheer on a field for an activity .
People cheering .
People sit on the snow - covered bench .
Cheerleaders cheering .
Some football players are practicing a running play .
The cheerleaders cheer for the start of the big game .
Cheerleaders cheer for the football team .
An old man wearing a diaper .
A man holding a boombox .
A sad woman holding a boombox .
A person holding a boombox .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat looks at the camera
A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat smiles at the camera
A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat is on her cellphone
The cheerleaders are wearing black and red uniforms .
The cheerleaders are wearing clothes .
The cheerleaders are at the basketball arena .
A human standing .
A tall human stanindg .
Nobody is standing .
A lady is close to the floor .
A lady is kneeling before the priest at church .
The woman is doing jumping jacks outside .
The people are by the wall .
The people are running down the country road .
The wall is painted .
A man and a woman are standing next to each other and communicating through sign language .
A man is sitting with his hands in his pockets .
Two people are next to each other .
the dog is in the water
the dog is swimming by itself
the dog is eating out of his favorite bowl in the kitchen
A crowd gesticulates .
They are raising money .
No one is watching them .
The beads are multi - colored .
The baby is sleeping .
The baby is playing .
people are sleeping
people are singing onstage
pwople are on stage
The woman is running in her backyard .
The woman is running fast .
The woman is outdoors .
A group of people point forwards while doing something .
A group of people fight using tigers .
A group of people point somewhere while speaking .
kids are fighting each other .
man and woman dancing together .
people are dancing .
people dance together
people are dancing with one another during a religious ritual
dogs are mating
A couple is inside watching TV .
A couple is in a hot tub .
A couple is in a hot tub outside .
The man knows how to play guitar .
The man can play the guitar well .
The man is playing the drums .
three dogs are chasing a ball
three dogs are outside
three dogs are laying in a couch
A man and woman are walking down opposite sides of the street .
A couple of people are holding hands while walking .
A newlywed couple hold hands and skip down the street .
A man searches the internet sitting down .
A woman drinks a beer at her desk .
A man sits at a desk .
Someone is filming .
Everyone wearing formal clothes is inside .
Someone is operating a microphone .
A guy playing a board game by himself .
The man taking a snooze .
A human sitting down playing one game of chess alone .
group of people running
women runs for her life
women has coffee with two guys
A man in a blue shirt sitting outside behind a large wooden chessboard .
Someone sitting outside behind a chessboard .
Two elderly men playing Scrabble .
Two men are playing chess
The man is jogging
A man is playing a game
A man sits in front of a set up chess game .
A man is waiting for his chess opponent to arrive .
A grandma plays a game of connect four at the rotary club meeting .
A young man is sitting .
A young man is on Mars .
A young man is indoors .
The men are drinking .
The men are being sprayed with cans of paint while they are passes out drunk in the alley .
The men are standing in urine .
The helicopter is moving people in danger .
A man is being moved .
The helicopter is putting people in a dangerous area .
The people are listening to music on their CD players .
The people are listening to a speaker .
The speaker is the people 's boss .
young people are at a party having fun
young people are learning about politics
young people are gathered around a table
the woman is going to the park .
the woman is swimming in the lake .
the woman is wearing a red shirt .
A woman talks to others indoors .
a woman in an office building talks to a group of three taking notes on a notepad
a man talks to ducks in a pond
the woman is white
a woman in an office building talks to two other women and a man with notepads
A woman talks to dogs inside an office building .
the woman is asleep at home
The people are outside of the building looking inside .
a woman is talking
A woman talks to others indoors about lunch .
Four people stand near a wall speaking to each other .
A woman talks to three other women .
A woman happily talks to two other women .
The group are discussing a project .
A woman talks to two other women .
The students are running in P.E. class .
A classroom is discussing the topics of the day .
The students are discussing the lecture in history class .
The man is working
The woman is asleep
A woman is looking at a man 's possessions
A couple are eating dinner .
A couple is standing outside .
A couple is talking .
A man wants a woman to look at his clipboard
a man is trying to get a woman to sign something
A man takes off his shirt to get a womans attention
A man is wearing a gold shirt
A man shows his boss something on a clipboard .
A man shows a woman something .
The man has something to tell the woman .
Two people are looking at a clipboard .
The woman is wearing blue .
A man is teaching a woman a concept
There is a man and a woman .
Two people are looking at notes on an electronic tablet .
The man is drinking a cup of coffee .
A man is wearing a bright green shirt
The man and the woman are employees at the same business .
A man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard .
The woman shows the man a clipboard .
The clipboard has writting on it .
A man is showing a woman a funny video on his tablet
The tablet is turned on .
The man is on another street than the woman .
The man and woman are outdoors .
A man and a woman are outside .
A man and a woman are eating in a resteraunt .
A man is stealing a woman 's tablet
A woman shows a cell phone to a person standing nearby .
A couple are using a tablet to watch a video on the street .
A woman is shown a tablet by a man standing on the street .
A man having cell phone in his hand
A man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby .
There are some people in a street
The man handover the cell phone to the woman
A man is showing a woman something
The child spilled his milk .
The child has a clean face .
The child had milk all over his face .
Two men are barefoot on the lawn .
Two men in sandles are on the beach .
Two men are playing barefoot lawn darts .
The child is happy .
A child is drinking apple juice .
A child is throwing a tantrum .
the kid has milk on his face on a school day
the dog eats mice
the kid has milk on his face
The music is loud .
Thre are girls .
The player is a cd player .
A man is being pulled by himself .
A man is running behind a sled .
A man is racing with the dogs .
A child has milk on their face .
A child was making a mess with milk .
A toddler with juice around his mouth .
Toddler eating milk .
A child threw up milk on himself .
A child .
Toddler wearing mik
A man spills beer on his shirt .
The toddler has milk around the corners of his mouth .
The toddler has icecream around his mouth .
The child was well groomed .
Toddler drinking milk .
A toddler just drank his first glass of milk .
The child was still unable to drink milk properly .
The toddler with milk around his mouth is making a mess .
The man is swimming with his dogs .
The man is outside sledding .
The man is sledding in Alaska .
A cowboy with a brown hat is roping a calf in a rodeo .
A man is working in an office on a laptop .
A person is performing .
Men are sleeping in tents .
Men are near the water .
Men are fishing for trout .
A man is angry .
A man makes a ruckus .
A man is relaxed .
one person swims in water
Four people sitting near the pond .
There is chalk art on the sidewalk .
one person sits while three stand near a body of water .
People are standing on stairs .
A group of people are inside a building .
The sidewalk is desolate and empty .
Four people congregate at the pond .
People are going swimming .
There are people on a sidewalk .
Everyone is wearing a dress .
People are near water .
Four people congregate near the water .
There are people outdoors .
one person rests , sitting down while three others stand near a body of water
Two girls are taking a nap on the carpet .
Two girls are having a pillow fight .
Two girls lay next to wooden blocks .
People are fishing and walking next to the water .
People are swimming in the water .
People are enjoying the summer weather fishing .
They are eating fried fish on the boat
They are practicing before the big game tomorrow
There are some guys in this picture
Schoolchildren together
Asian factory workers sitting .
Asian schoolchildren are friends
vehicles are slow at speed breaker
there was a speed breaker on the road by which people are taking care
people make speed fast at speed breaker .
A young woman having a picnic on the lawn in front of the capitol building .
A young lady playing in front of the capitol building .
A young lady playing chase in front of the capitol building .
A man is hitting a child
A man in a colorful shirt is playing an instrument .
A man is performing for money
Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes .
The man is playing music on an instrument .
The man likes to receive attention for his music , which sounds terrible .
The man plays guitar
the woman is getting her nails done
the man is trying to raise money for drugs
The street performer is singing a song .
The street performer is sleeping on a park bench .
A street performer is trying to earn extra money .
A building is being painted .
No one ever comes to this unpainted and dilapidated building .
A supervisor calls in his report on the painting crew .
Two men are painting their new store .
Three men are outside .
No one is on a phone .
the boy was listening
a child was there
not watched at alll
A man is holding a girls hand and walking through a creek .
A man with jean shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she flies a kite .
A man with shorts on is helping a little girl find her way home .
Two horses running in a field .
Two people are walking down a path .
Two beautiful women wearing white are walking down a dirt path carrying loads of nuts on their heads .
A vendor trying to attract costumers .
A salesman selling items to patrons .
A man closing his shop for the day .
The woman is knitting .
The girl is texting .
A woman is inside .
A mother and daughter are playing in a field .
Two people are outside .
A man is playing in a field .
The two girls are outside .
The girls are walking to the park .
The two girls are riding their bikes .
The girl is sitting .
The girl is reading a text message .
The girl is wearing a green shirt .
A lady is using a cat to take pictures .
A young lady is riding her bike down a bike trail .
A young lady is embarrassed at the pictures she took .
A young lady is looking at a picture .
A lady looks at a picture on her camera
A young lady is looking at a picture of her dog on camera .
A lady looks at her phone .
Lady sits gazing at a camera .
Young lady sits in a private area .
A young lady is looking at her camera .
A lady is taking pictures of the table .
A young lady is on her cellphone .
A lady looks at pictures on her camera to print .
An ingnue sits with a world - weary expression , staring at old honeymoon photos .
A lady at a table takes pictures .
The woman is taking a picture
THe woman is sitting down
The woman is sleeping .
a woman looking at her cellphone
a woman looking at her cellphone call log
a man looking out the window
A gentleman in sleeveless blue shirt swings his hands at his sides
The shirt is new .
He is exercising
The boy is trying to pass a sobriety test .
A boy in a tri - colored shirt has his arms out to the side .
The boy is wearing a shirt .
He is wearing a multicolored shirt
The boy does not have his arms out
The boy is young .
A boy is folding clean laundry .
The shirt is blue .
A boy in multi - colored shirt hold his arms out from his sides
A little boy has his arms held out to his sides and he is sticking out his tongue .
The boy is pretending to be an airplane .
A girl dressed in bikinis walk graciously past a group of gentlemen at the beach
A boy is wearing a shirt
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched 40 feet wide .
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched waiting for his grandmother to hug him .
A boy is having fun on vacation .
A boy in a shirt plays outside .
A boy in a dress plays indoors .
The child is inside his apartment .
The child is playing on the jungle gym .
The child is outdoors in his bright colored shirt .
A boy is holding his arms out .
A boy is holding his arms out to hug his mother .
A boy has his arms crossed over his chest .
The man is taking his driving test .
The man is outside in the Fall .
The man is outside .
A lady wearing a dress .
A lady wearing a blue shirt .
A lady wearing a cover .
A military officer watches girls at the base pool .
A man dances with a woman in a gown .
A decorated man sees a scantily clad female .
two women play soccer
a punk kicks leaves
someone in his twenties kicks at the ground
A man is angered by an insult .
A woman laughs while another paddles a boat .
A woman laughs at a joke .
People crying after losing a game .
People chanting as they play jump rope .
People playing jump rope .
Several children in green uniforms are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch
Several children are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch
A brilliant red sun sets over a deserted beach
Woman wearing nothing sewing her thumb .
Woman wearing a shirt sewing some jeans .
Woman wearing a shirt sewing .
Nobody is playing jump rope
Humans playing jump rope
Tall humans playing jump rope
Everyone is using a cell phone .
Someone is on a phone .
The phone receiver is black .
Some children are trying out for the jump rope competition .
Some children are reading books .
Children are jumping rope .
Two dogs drinking from a water fountain .
A pair of mutts exchange a greeting in a park .
Two animals getting to know each other .
Two kickboxers excersise in the gym .
One sumo wrestler does nt like the other .
Two sumo wrestlers compete in a match .
the dogs see each other
stray dogs are playing
the dogs talk in their own language
A boy is playing with a toy truck .
A man is trying to impress a woman at a bar .
A man is wearing many silver necklaces .
A woman with blue sweater is crying .
A woman with a green sweater has a happy expression .
A woman is smiling because she just won the lottery .
A woman is wearing a tank top .
A woman with black hair is wearing a sweater .
A woman is there .
A happy woman smiling
A woman wearing a bathing suit at the beach with her friends
A woman enjoying a gathering with her office buddies
The woman is not near anyone .
The woman needs sunglasses because it is bright .
A woman is outside .
A woman is taking a break from a photo shoot .
A woman is wearing a green sweatshirt .
A woman is wearing a maroon sweatshirt .
A climber is ascending
A climber is tired
A climber is at base camp
A man is outdoors .
A man is indoors drinking hot chocolate .
A guy is skiing in the Colorado mountains .
A person jumps in the air .
A person sits in the snow .
A person jumps in the air to see how high they can jump .
A woman is waiting for someone framed by white fencing .
A man in shorts waits for his wife at the bottom of the stairs .
A man stands at the bottom of the stairs .
There is no snow where the man is
The man is snowboarding
The man is outside .
Two people are eating together .
The people are buying sunglasses .
Two people are seated together .
A couple is holding a child
A couple is sleeping with their baby at home
A couple is singing a lullaby to a baby
a bunch of people are playing soccer
people are playing american football
people are playing soccer with no goalies
A soccer player taking flight across the field during a game .
A soccer player jumping into the air during a game to avoid being hit in the face .
A soccer player jumping up while a game is in progess .
a decisive moment in a soccer game is frozen in photo .
a hockey player nails his first hat trick
a player has a penalty kick
The teams are playing soccer .
The red and black team are playing a game .
The teams are in blue and orange .
People are playing soccer .
Six people are playing basketball .
One team is in red , the other , blue .
Two adults mix up a batch of margaritas .
Two kids are in a parade in a wagon wearing red white and blue
Two kids are with a wagon .
There is no jewelry .
Someone is browsing jewelry .
The pendants have long chains .
The girl blows a butterfly .
The girl sneezes on a butterfly .
The girl blows kisses to a butterfly .
A young man has his head on the table .
The boy 's grandparents approached and asked if he was okay .
A young man is playing the drums .
There is a girl standing
There is a girl sitting near the watermelon
There is a girl standing thinking about purchasing the watermelon
An old couple dance in by a juke box while a dude wearing shorts sleeps near a table
An old couple dance next to a guy sleeping
Two cats sing karoake
The couple has been together a long time .
The couple is dancing together .
The couple is sitting with the male .
A person is near a watermelon .
A girl is shopping for watermelon with her parents at a farmers ' market .
A woman is alone , planting watermelon seeds in a garden in the spring .
The girl is under the age of 88 years old .
The girl is alone and asleep in her bedroom .
The girl is wearing yellow shoes .
A girl is buying a watermelon .
A girl is picking up an orange .
A girl is picking an item up .
There is a lot of fruit .
There are some citrus fruit .
There are only potatoes .
A man is making a loud noise .
A man is scared .
A man is whispering .
Children are competing for a reward .
Adults playing a game .
Children playing a game .
The woman throws a Frisbee to the dog .
The woman is chasing the dog that took her camera .
A woman throws a disc to a dog and gets ready to take a picture .
People are in the street .
The Asian city is full of fields .
The Asian city is full of sights .
The scene is in the evening .
People are in the street in Toronto .
The Asian city is full of tourists .
City people hanging out
City people in street
A group of people are sitting in a field
There are people in an urban area .
There are people in front of buildings that are brightly lit .
City streetwalkers
There is a group of people in Seoul at night .
Some people are posing for a picture
It is an American city .
A woman is drawing a microorganism .
A man is painting a landscape of an outdoors area .
A man is painting a landscape of a city .
The old man will sell his painting .
The old man is painting a view of a bathroom .
The old man is painting a portrait .
The crowded street on New Years Eve .
The street is empty .
The buildings are tall .
It is the afternoon .
Nobody is on the street in Asia .
The crowds are at an indoor swimming meet .
The Seiko building is large .
lots of people are in the street
there was a storm so nobody went outside
There is a crowded street .
A crowded street in Asia has tall buildings .
A crowded street in china where there are lots of buildings .
A crowded street in Asia .
its rush hour in a big city
A crowded street in America .
The boy is trying to make cookies .
The boy is playing the violin .
The boy is making a mess .
A person is painting .
A person is painting the sky and trees .
A girl is painting a self portrait .
There are no cars on the street .
The traffic is moving slowly .
There are lots of cars on the street .
some car passing outside
Cars are passing through a town in road race
Cars are parked in the town .
It is in france
A picture of a city is on a street
The people are dancing
The shop sign says " Welcome to Golden "
The shop sign is laying on the sidewalk .
The " Welcome to Golden " sigh if lit up .
The cars are parked in a showroom .
The cars are green .
The cars are outside .
A neon sign reads " Welcome to Golden "
A neon sign reads " Now leaving Golden "
A sign reads " Welcome to Golden "
A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor with her father
A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor
Poop 's on the floor while the girl dances
Two boys are skateboarding outside .
Two boys are taking skateboarding photographs for a magazine .
Two boys are riding bikes down the street .
A girl is enjoying herself .
The girl is celebrating by dancing .
The girl seems very sad about the blue balloons .
A child is roller skating .
A child is dancing .
A child is dancing at a party .
A firefighter is sleeping .
A firefighter sets up a do not cross
A firefighter sets up tape in a city
A fireman is working hard to keep people safe .
A fireman is trying to run away from the fire .
A fireman is trying to stop the brushfire .
The girl is sitting on a bench in a park .
A person is indoors .
The girl is twerking .
Two people waiting in line for food at a crowded restaurant .
Two people posing for photos with an ancient statue outdoors .
Two people standing standing near a large statue , with other states nearby .
An old woman is falling down the stairs .
A man is climbing the stairs to his apartment after a long day at work .
A human walks up some stairs .
A family by a van .
A family by a pickup truck .
A family by a moving van .
The teacher is showing her students some items in the park .
A female adult is near some kids .
A teacher is reading a book in class .
A woman posing for a picture with her children .
A man with his pets .
A woman with children .
The woman and children are in their dining room .
The people are trapped between the vehicle and fence .
Several people in an alleyway .
A woman is talking to children .
A lady in a dress is taking kids to a museum .
A woman is screaming at her kid .
The men are signing their names .
The men jump off a bridge .
The two men sign something .
A couple are having a conversation
A couple are having dinner in a restaurant .
A couple are discussing vacation plans
A woman is biking .
A man is working on his favorite bike .
A man is working on a bike .
A young girl wears sandals and walks on hopscotch numbers .
A grown man wearing pink sandals plays hopscotch .
A baby walks on the ground .
man playing soccer
man competing in soccer competition
man playing basketball
The mothers are yelling at the children .
They are talking about thier kids .
The mothers are having conversations .
The man is painting a house .
Some women are babysitting .
Some women are talking .
2 women are carrying little girls .
The women were showing their daughters an animal .
The women left their children behind .
The women are having a playdate with their toddlers .
Two women are running at the park looking for their children .
There are at least four people .
The women have no kids
Women are with their kids
The kids are small
The water is empty
A dog is outside
The dog is having a great time
A dog with an object in it 's mouth is in the water .
A Dalmatian with a stick in its mouth is swimming slowly .
A cat with a stick in its mouth is in a bathtub .
Pirate chasing a peach cosplayer
Pirate doing the hokey pokey
Pirate on the sidewalk
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water .
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water in the back yard .
A dog is sleeping on the front porch .
A dog is going for a walk in the park .
A dog fetches a stick out of the lake .
A dog carries a stick in his mouth .
Kids are going to a costume party .
Kids are getting in a fight .
Two kids are running .
A boy and girl trick or treating .
Boy in costume followed by a girl in costume .
A boy in a clown costume followed by a girl .
The kids are sitting in their desks during class .
Two kids wearing costumes are outside .
The kids are trick - or - treating for Halloween .
The man is holding his child .
A man is wearing a shirt .
The man has a yellow shirt .
Two girls are doing exercise to live healthy .
Two girls slapped each other .
Two Girls are doing exercise .
people having barbecue
girl plays nintendo
people sit around table
People are waiting to eat .
People in line at a soup kitchen .
People are sitting down eating .
The wedding party guests sit down to enjoy the feast .
People are about to eat .
People milling about after a concert .
Some men are sitting outdoors .
The men just got done working .
The men are chopping down the trees .
Workers are outside at a construction zone .
Workers are resting during a meal break .
Workers are talking and sitting on metal beams .
Workers are diligently building a house .
Workers are eating sandwiches on break .
Workers are on break .
the workers are sitting eating food
the workers are finished the work
the workers are waiting for next work
He winning the race .
He is paddling a canoe .
Human rides two wheeled vehicle .
The racer is driving .
The motorcycle racer is running
The racer is wearing a suit .
A woman is taking off a blue shirt .
A woman is getting undressed .
A woman is blonde
A farmer stares to see if he can see his cattle herd .
The person stares off into the distance .
A man sends a telegram .
The man is in a car .
A man is riding a dirtbike with his friend .
The man is accelerating on the dirt bike .
Man riding bike at park
The man is walking .
A man is swimming .
A biker is racing his dirt bike on a course .
A man is driving a car .
A human is riding a vehicle .
A man is outside .
Woman riding bike
The man is racing the dirt bike .
Man riding bike
A man is on a dirt bike .
A guy is driving a dirt bike .
The man is making a scene .
The man is being stared at .
The man is staring everyone down .
The girl is sitting on a swing .
The girl drinking the juice has brown hair .
A girl is holding a glass .
A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal .
A person in a red dress is trying to catch a dog .
A person in a red dress is cooking .
A woman is wearing a red jacket
A woman is wearing a blue jacket
A woman has finished chasing a dog
A woman throws something for a dog .
A person throwing something for her dog .
A dog throws something for its woman .
A woman throwing a squeaky toy into the water for her dog to chase .
A woman throws a ball for a german sheherd to chase
a woman plays fetch with her boyfriends dog
A woman climbing a tree .
A person and their pet are outdoors
A young lady is teaching her pet dog how to play fetch .
A man in a dog costume is staring creepily through a restaurant window .
A woman and an animal are interacting outdoors .
a woman and a german shepherd are pictured
a woman sits in a movie theater
A woman throws something for her dog .
A woman plays with her cat in a grassy field
A dog is nearby a person
a cat is playing with some string
A dog cowers in the corner as the veterenarian approaches with a thermometer
A woman is training her dog in the park .
A woman is interacting with a dog .
A woman is brushing her dog .
Two men are partying together .
Two men are laughing and enjoying themselves .
Two men are sleeping on the floor .
A few people are laying down .
Some people are chatting .
There are people sitting down .
The women and the man are on a bench .
The bench is not really there .
The friends are on the bench .
A few people share a bench .
Six women sit on a bench .
A man and his two sisters sit together .
People are on a bench
A man is talking about a threesome with two women .
A man is sitting on a bench with 22 women .
Man eating pizza
Man standing with three men in army uniform
They are all friends .
They are on the ground
People are skydiving .
A man checks his back pocket for his wallet
A woman looks for her money to tip the waiter .
A person looks in her purse at a restaurant .
The clown was waving to the crowd .
The cowboy waved to the crowd while he was riding the horse .
The cowboy waved to the crowd .
A person is indoors .
A person is sitting down .
A person is at an outdoor restaurant waiting for their food .
A lady wearing a yellow top is standing on the kitchen table .
A woman with a yellow to sits .
A lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair and shaving her legs .
The kids are pretending they are in a race .
The children a eating lunch .
Children enjoy playing together .
A man rides a horse on a trail .
A cowboy rides a bull at a rodeo .
A professional bull rider rides a large black bull .
A child is pulling a toy wagon .
A child is pulling a toy wagon filled with toys .
A child is swimming .
One man writes on papers , while another man stands by .
A guy signs away his rights to his gold mine , while his lawyer waits by .
A male lifeguard busily saves someone 's life while his companion simply scratches his head .
They are about to have their first kiss as man and wife .
The groom and bride are sitting at the table .
A groom and bride are standing outside .
A man is reciting poetry .
Someone is making music .
A man is performing on stage .
one boy drinks coke zero
girl trying to skip rocks
girl throws stones
two dudes are in the pool
a man and woman are getting intimate
a husband and wife are playing footsies in the tub
People are standing on a grassy field
A group of people are sitting in the bleachers
People are enjoying the outdoor weather
Uniformed men work .
Men in beach clothes work by themselves at the park .
Uniformed men work together outside .
An elderly woman puts beets into a casserole
An elderly woman puts carrots into a casserole
An elderly woman slices carrots for a casserole
The man is outside .
The man is riding a horse .
The man is a sheperd in Scotland .
Three men are grouped around the back of a car .
Three men are grouped around the back of a car laughing .
Three men are swimming in a lake .
Two salesmen at work .
Three men looking at a car .
Three men breaking into a car .
Emergency personnel are looking for a child in a car .
People are looking in a car .
Emergency personnel are eating .
Firefighters are checking a car .
Firefighters are rescuing a cat from the tree .
Firefighters are looking for a cat in the car .
The food is greasy .
Got some oceanfront property in Arizona .
A man cooks .
A woman is in colorful garb .
A woman has her back to the camera .
A nun is praying .
A woman is dressed stylishly in native garb .
A woman is dressed in her native clothing in preparation for her wedding .
A woman is dressed to run track .
An oddly dressed man walking .
A woman enjoying a walk .
A man enjoying a walk .
The man has his baby in the stroller .
The man is pushing the stroller through his house .
The man is pushing a stroller .
The man is walking with his son .
The man is walking his dog on the beach .
A man wearing weird clothes is walking through a park .
The man is preparing a feast for his wife
The man is cooking
The child colors with crayons
A man walks near a store
Two ducks quacking at each other
The man is planning to rob the store
The young man has glasses on his face .
There is nothing on the wall but bricks .
The man helped create the graffiti .
The dogs are running along the shore to meet their master who just beached his kayak
The dogs were indorrs waiting for their dinner
The dogs were outdoors running along the shore
A guy with red glasses is sitting here .
Man in blue glasses walking pass a building
Some guys with glasses are going pass the buildings
A dog jumps to catch a toy in Waikiki .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the snow .
An animal is jumping in a place that is not hot .
The dog is in the snow .
The dog is playing dead .
The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee .
A dog is about to catch a stick in his mouth .
A dog is catching a stick .
A cat is playing fetch .
People are paying attention to the person hanging pictures
The women are pretty
There are people watching another person hang up pictures .
The people are in the ocean
A man is hanging paintings of women for an art gallery in a museum .
the person is hanging pictures .
The person is a woman .
No one is hanging up pictures at all .
Somebody is hanging up pictures while people watch .
There 's a person drawing a crowd by hanging up nude photos of ladies .
The people are outdoors .
The person is a photographer selling his pictures .
A creepy guy is putting his favorite photos of the woman he 's stalking up in his shrine to her .
The person is sleeping .
The person is cooking in a cafeteria .
Men are hanging something on the wall .
Five men , one standing on a chair , are hanging a picture .
The men are walking to the nearest gentleman 's club .
A group of men are hanging a picture on a wall .
A man in a black shirt hangs a picture .
A group of men , all wearing white shirts , hang a picture .
There 's a group of men hanging up a picture .
Five men are helping a child to hang a picture .
A man is hanging a picture of a child .
A man is hanging up a picture of a child .
Four men are watching a fifth as he hangs a picture of a child .
The men are hanging up a picture of a missing child .
Some men are outside in a field .
A man is hanging a picture of his child surrounded by family memebers and friends .
A man is holding up a child .
The men are hanging family photos .
The women are working .
The men are working .
An artist is showing his painting to others .
Men are indoors .
Men are at a football game .
The guys are standing on a dock .
The guys are playing a game .
The man kicks the ball towards the goal .
The man is taking down the poster .
A man is cleaning a bathroom in a shop .
The shop did not agree to let the man put up the poster .
The man owns the shop .
A man is putting up a sale sign in front of a shop .
The man is waiting for a bus .
A man hangs a poster of Iron Man in front of a shop .
A woman walks into a comic book shop .
A man is decorating a shop .
The man is putting up a poster .
The man is indoors .
A man is putting a movie poster up for the next big action movie .
A man hangs a poster in front of a shop .
There is a man in front of the shop .
A man is standing in front of a shop .
A basketball team during warm ups .
A soccer teaming getting ready for a game .
A football / soccer club during warm ups .
The players were on a bus which broke down on the highway
The crowd looked on while the players prepared themselves .
The crowd watched the players warm up and shouted encouragement
The pool is in a hotel , and these are guests .
This is the pool of Queen Elizabeth II , and these people are Hessians from the Revolutionary War .
People lounge about a pool .
The man is playing in an professional bowling competition .
A man is bowling .
The man is bowling with a frozen turkey .
A man stands in a bowling alley lane .
The man is bowling with his bowling group tonight .
A man sits in an airport .
Some man play football .
A man plays bowling .
A man is throwing a green ball .
A sad man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley .
A woman holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley .
A person holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley .
A man is playing with his bowling league .
A man is riding a horse on the beach .
A man is bowling .
A group sits together outside and talk over drinks .
A group sits outside while talking .
A man stands at the bar ordering drinks for his friends .
a group of men and women converse
a crowd has a discussion in a hospital
a crowd argues
People are having a discussion .
The friends are talking .
The old dog is eating potatoes .
The people are standing in the gym .
The people are playing cards .
The people are near the table .
A group of people gathering on the concrete .
A group of people gathering on the grass .
A group of people standing on the grass .
The teams are having fun .
People are playing a sport .
No one is playing soccer .
A dog is laying in front of a fireplace .
A dog is outside playing in the water .
A dog is chasing a turtle through the water .
Three boys are in a body of water .
The boys are wearing party clothing .
The three boys are surfing .
The team in yellow is going to score .
A soccer game is in progress .
The team in yellow is playing a hockey game .
The goalie wants to prevent a goal .
The goalie is sitting down on the sideline , wearing a white top and red shorts .
A soccer game is happening .
The soccer goalie is wearing long pants .
This World Cup match has a very close score .
The yellow team is ahead by three points .
The team in yellow is trying to score a goal .
The team in yellow is defending .
No game is playing .
Soccer game is happening the yellow team is winning .
A group of people are playing a game of soccer .
There is a soccer game with a team in yellow .
A soccer game .
Men playing baseball .
Men are playing for the final goal in a soccer game .
A competition is happening .
The teams are in a championship match .
The teams play street hockey .
The woman is eating her violin .
The young violinist is a woman .
The violin sounds beatuful .
Tourists are sitting near the fountain .
Business men are working near a fountain .
Community members are spending time in the park near a foundtain .
a woman is learning to play the violin
someone is playing an instrument
a woman is eating dinner
A female violinist surrounded by wolverines .
A female violinist surrounded by other violinists competing for a prize .
A violinist among other string musicians
A man , wearing a revolutionary apparel is making noise with a bell .
A man , wearing revolutionary apparel is ringing a bell with his right hand .
A man is outside riding his bike .
People are landscaping their yard .
People are working .
People are playing on a playground .
A man is wearing a cap
a man is looking up
A man is looking down at a puddle
police pepper spray protesters
the civil war reenactment underway
man ringing a bell
The children are posing because their parents made them .
Three children are kicking the camera man .
The boy ate the entire apple .
The three young childeren were hold an apple with a bite on it
Sisters and brother are posing for a shoot
Girls and boys are having fun outdoors
A boy eats an apple that his sisters threw at him in the car on the way to the mountains .
The kids are swimming
The elderly women are posing for a picture .
The children are posing for a family photo .
Kids pose in front of a mountain background .
A woman drinks wine .
Three children pose for a picture .
A group of children are posing .
The three childeren were enjoying the mountain view background .
Three kids are sitting on a rock .
A bunch of old people sit on a rock .
Three kids are waiting for their fourth friend .
The old man is standing outside of a building .
An old man is standing by a building in downtown .
The old man is taking a nap at a house .
A man is wearing a Santa costume .
A man in costume is reading a book .
A man is playing an instrument .
The women work in the health field .
The women are reading the charts to assess their patients ' condition .
The women are playing a game of badminton .
the person is a prisoner
the person is in blue and running
a person in orange
Two men are mixing stuff in a bowl .
Two men are around a bowl .
Two men are eating junk food in a car .
The troup of actors is performing in a play .
The group of actors performs on the street corner .
A groups of people acts on stage .
A woman is lying down .
People are dancing outside in the rain .
The people are putting on a play .
Two men discussing on business in office
Two men cooking together
Near a hanging plant , a metal bowl was used to cook by two mens
A woman lying on her shirt so her pants wo nt get dirty .
A woman on top of her clothes .
A woman sleeping on her bed
Two men are in the kitchen .
Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen at the table and with dinner on their plates .
Two men engage in a fight while in the kitchen .
The couple cooks together in the morning .
The men go out to eat at a restaurant .
Two guys cook using some rice milk .
A man is swimming in the ocean .
A man is windsurfing on the lake .
A man is windsurfing .
A kite surfer is trying to keep their balance
A kite surfer is falling
A kite surfer is flying
There is a windsurfer balancing on choppy water .
There is a windsurfer who fell on the ground .
There is a windsurfer who fell in choppy water .
A woman wakeboards on choppy water .
The man is competeing in a competition .
A man is wakeboarding .
The water was choppy as the man parasailed .
The man parasailed in the calm water .
The calm waves turned choppy as the main started to parasail .
The men in sailor hats are dancing on stage .
The chorus is singing .
The woman wearing a tiara is getting married .
the child is a woodworker .
the child is in the bathroom
the child is working with wood .
The kid is wearing skates .
There is snow on the ground .
The kid is wearing a hat .
The person is at a car lot .
The person is interested in a water jet .
The person wants a water jet .
two people by a fountain
one dog sleeping
two people in the water of a fountain
A boy painting a log in the rain .
A boy painting a log .
A girl aslee on a log .
A log is being painted by a child .
The child is painting the log blue .
A child in a multicolored shirt is painting a log
The child is painting a log for his grandpa .
The log is chasing the child .
The child is painting the wood .
The boy is painting
A child with clothes on is painting somthing
The child is painting .
A child in a plaid shirt is painting .
The child in the purple shirt is playing basketball .
The child uses a log to float down the river .
The child is wearing a green shirt .
The child is painting .
This crazy dog in a yellow shirt learned how to paint !
A man is sitting on the couch .
Two people are next to a fountain together .
Two people are next to a fountain in the park .
A woman shares photos of her unborn child smiling .
A pregnant lady shares the sounds of her pregnancy .
Someone puts their ear up to a pregnant belly .
Soccer players are in a jacuzzi .
Soccer players are playing an unofficial match .
There are soccer players on the field .
The people hang out in France .
There are people in ChinaTown .
There are 10 girls on the street .
A human wearing a dress .
A man wearing a dress at the dock .
A girl standing at the dock in Atlantic City .
A man is sitting down .
A man is walking down the street .
A man is sitting on a planter admiring the art .
The ground is pristine .
Someone is wearing formal clothes .
The child is wearing a hat .
boy walks accross patio
girl sits on floor
boy walking home
He was happy .
The child was walking near the grass making a funny face .
The man was walking near the grass making a funny face .
The boy is smiling broadly .
The little boy hates having his picture taken .
The boy mugs for the camera .
Nobody in a truck
Tall humans in a truck
Some humans in a truck
The workers are getting their picture taken .
The workers are standing still .
The workers are doctors .
Peole stand by a building supply truck .
A woman bowls a perfect game .
Habitat for Humanity prepares to build a house .
The three men are laughing at a joke .
There is no one working today .
There are three men working .
Three men are joyously smiling
Three men are not smiling
Three men are smiling
A busy Asian Market where people are doing business .
A lonely place in East Africa .
A view of a crowed place in an asian country .
A woman walked pasted the front of a building .
The woman is headed to work .
THe woman is wearing pink shorts and blue jacket .
The person is surfing .
The surfer is in the ocean .
The person is skating .
The dogs are playing with a ball .
The dogs are playing catch .
The ball is blue .
The dog is chasing a stick .
The dog is running .
The dog is sleeping .
A woman gazes at her shoes
A woman gazes skyward
A woman looks at an airplane overhead
A dog is stuck in a tree .
A dog is chasing another dog .
A dog is running outdoors .
A cocker spaniel is playing in the grass .
A cat is playing with yarn in the kitchen .
A dog is playing in the grass .
A couple taking pictures while on vacation
A couple taking a picture
A couple sleeping in a hotel room
An couple is outside .
An older couple are inside .
Two people are at a park .
A photographer takes a picture of the boy 's parents by the fountain .
A girl and her parents sit by the fountain .
A couple has their photo taken outdoors .
The man is holding a red balloon .
The man is carrying a child .
The man is holding a balloon .
the people are laughing and talking
people are together
the woman sat at the table alone
There are two people in this picture
They are in Arizona on vacation
They are waiting to be picked up by aliens
two humans close together
a couple of friends share an umbrella on a rainy day
two guys walking in the rain
The dog sees his owner after a few hours .
A dog is being friendly .
A dog attacks a man .
Two dogs are sleeping next to the lady .
A lady is near two dogs .
The dog jumping is a beagle .
The woman is in a pink dress .
The little dog is also a golden retriever .
Both of the dogs are corgis .
Two dogs rest in the sandbox .
The dog greets its owner
A cat chases the golden retriever .
Two dogs are near a woman .
A little dog rides on top of the golden retriever
The woman is greeted by the dog
There are at least two dogs present .
Two dogs are both excited .
A dog charges towards the camera because its food is in front of it .
The dog is running away from the woman .
There are two dogs present .
A Corgi walks toward the camera .
Kids are playing with Legos .
Kids are playing with things .
Kids are playing with live grenades .
Children play baseball in the street .
Children play with old equipment .
Children practice typing on an old computer .
Two children are playing .
Two children are boys .
Three people order from a menu .
Kids putting away toys .
Adults working in a garden .
Boys tossing trash .
The children are swimming .
The children are trying to build a robot .
The children are playing .
The dogs are in kennels .
Two dogs are together .
Two dogs are playing with a bone in their masters house .
the dogs are indoors
the dogs are sitting
the dogs rolling on the floor
Two cats are chasing each other through the house .
A pair of dogs is playing .
Two puppies are playing together .
Three dogs are sleeping in the grass .
Two dogs play .
Two brown dogs are playing together .
A scuba diver performnef on top of rocks .
A scuba diver stand on a top of rocks to jump into the well .
A scuba diver never knows to dive .
Two dogs together .
Two dogs sleeping together .
Two dogs playing together .
The construction workers are looking at something interesting .
Some construction workers are falling from a tower .
None of the construction workers have shovels .
The construction workers are using a pick axes to poke each other .
3 construction workers poking a dead animal with shovels .
3 construction workers on their lunch break .
Some construction workers found something intriguing .
safety workers fly over the clouds
3 construction workers with shovels .
safety workers found a treasure chest
safety workers found something cool .
Three construction workers have shovels .
The workers are poking something that is alive .
Three construction workers have found historical artifacts on their job site .
Some construction workers found a body .
Two out of three costruction workers are holding shovels while examining an item in the field .
Three male construction workers hold shovels as they examine something in a field .
One worker holding a shovel examines something in a field with two colleagues .
Construction workers are looking at a deer in a field .
Three men stand outdoors examining something that is in a field .
All of the construction workers are sweating
Construction workers are looking at something in a field .
Two dogs are playing chase in a field .
Two of the three are also wearing high heels
Three men are in the field
Two dogs are sleeping in a house .
The workers are in the parking lot
They are about to dig
The three workers are outside
Construction workers are sitting around a table playing poker .
Most of the workers were female .
Three men are digging graves .
Men are digging .
The male workers were outdoors .
The Three males are working
The three workers are not working at all .
There are some people digging a hole .
The three workers are digging a hole
The men are construction workers , working in the field .
Three women are climbing trees .
The male workers were working up a sweat .
There are people working .
There are nineteen blue cats from Mars .
The men are wearing very dull work clothes .
The men are working with shovels .
People in safety vests sit in benches eating lunch .
The people in safety vests are outside .
The safety vests are a bright yellow color .
There are men working .
There are women working .
There are men working diligently .
A man sleeps on the beach .
A man talks to his wife on a cellphone .
A man talks on his cellphone .
There are two people walking in the snow .
The two people are going to school .
The two people with backpacks are hiking on a sunny day .
It has 4 doors
The car has doord
It is a motorcycle
A man and a woman are walking in the snow .
People are strolling on a mountain .
People are sitting by a snowy mountain .
Some people are climbing a snowy mountain .
Three men are climbing a snowy mountain .
Two people are climbing a mountain .
The people are trying to get a better view of something .
There is snow and more than one person .
The day is warm and summery .
Two people are standing .
They are looking at the blue car .
The car is orange .
People are next to a vehicle in the city .
A family has gathered around a car to say goodbye to a departing relative .
The station wagon is green .
A car has been jacked and left abandoned .
A car is in a race .
A car is parked with all of its doors open .
The woman is trying to nurse the dove back to health .
The woman is wearing black with doves perched in the tree above her .
Woman is outdoors and cradling a dove .
The woman is blonde .
The woman has red hair .
the woman is a professor
The woman beats two eggs to make breakfast for her husband .
The woman is playing the trumpet on the diving board .
The woman is being photographed for a magazine .
A white bird is being held by a woman who is blonde , dressed in a white dress , and sitting in a flowering tree .
The woman uses her other hand to balance on the branch .
A nice looking woman , who is dressed in white , is sitting in a tree holding a bird .
the woman was under her bed
A bird is caged by a woman in a house .
the woman was outside
The woman is a fake blonde .
The woman is older than 15 years old .
The woman is wearing shoes .
A lady is wearing a dress holding a mouse
A lady is wearing a dress holding a bird
A lady is wearing a dress holding a friendly bird
There are flowers on the tree
the woman is returning a bird to its nest .
A woman is holding a bird .
A woman shoveling snow from her driveway .
the tree has fallen on a bird while sad owner looks concerned
a woman and bird sit together
the woman is climbing up the tree .
The tree is outdoors
The woman is standing on the tree
the person is outdoors .
The woman is swimming in the ocean with her bird .
The woman is older than 15 .
a woman puts her bird ina a tree
A woman is feeding a sick bird while sitting in a tree .
The woman is holding a black bird .
People are ice fishing .
People are picking in a marsh in Louisiana .
People are near a body of water .
A man hunts ducks .
A woman and a bird are near each other .
A woman is outside .
A woman climbed a tree .
Woman in a tree .
Woman is standing next to a tree .
The woman is listening to the dove
The woman is standing on a branch .
The woman is sleeping .
Some birds are in a tree .
The lady is in her apartment staring at a sparrow .
A woman is near a bird
A woman tends to an injured bird at the bird 's nest .
The lady is touching a dove .
The lady and the bird are outside .
Two people are next to a field .
Three people are relaxing inside .
Two people are planting rice .
Two people are planting trees .
Two people are planting bushes for charity .
Two people are planting something .
A person is walking in front of an outdoor mural of the president .
A guy is gay .
A girl walking in front of a mural featuring a portrait of a bald guy .
A woman is on her way home and passes a mural .
a lady walks past a large painting outside
a cat flies an airplane
A person is walking past the portrait of our new alien overlord king .
A person walks in front of a wall painting of a man with no hair .
A person is outdoors .
A woman is looking at an outdoor mural .
A girl walking in front painting featuring a guy wearing black .
a lady walks past a large painting that she did
A woman is looking at a mural inside of a museum .
A person is walking in front of an outdoor portrait of a man .
A man walks behind a wall mural .
A woman is walking .
A woman is spray painting a building .
A woman is walking in a dangerous neighborhood .
A woman is walking in an art museum .
A woman watches tv .
A woman sees a mural .
There is a wall and it has a picture on it .
There is a wall with a painting on it .
There is a bare wall .
there is a female in this picture
She is rollerblading with fifteen dogs
She is admiring the painting on the wall
There is no person is on a horse .
A woman is horseback riding the fields .
A woman is horseback .
Two men are superheroes .
Two men are Asian .
Two men are riding bikes .
A man sits in his fishing boat out at sea .
A man sits on a deck .
A man sits on a deck with his fishing pole nearby .
The man is on a pier .
The man is sitting .
The man is in the desert .
The person is next to a fishing pole .
The person is sitting next to one fishing pole .
The fishing poles belong to the perosn .
A man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench .
A man sits on a wooden bench in a train station filled with bags .
A man sides on a green painted wooden bench .
A man sleeping .
A man fishing .
A man catching a bass .
Young men and women are gathering inside in the streets for a party .
Young men and women are gathering outside to celebrate the Fourth of July .
Men and women are outside .
People are outside on the roof looking at an accident on the street .
People are inside of the building .
People are outside .
The people are surfing in the ocean .
The people are looking out the window .
The people are suprised .
The building is wooden .
The men are making a lot of noise .
The building is occupied .
The man rows the boat down the river .
The guitarist ends the song with a leap .
The guitarist performs .
A man is playing the guitar .
A man gets excited as he performs his music in front of the large crowd .
A man sits calmly as he plays a slow piece for the group on his guitar .
The guitar playing a new solo he just worked on .
The guitar playing is rolling around on the floor covered with peanuts .
A guitar playing is playing for a audience .
A male has a musical instrument taking request .
A couple at an outdoor concert .
A male has an instrument .
The man is riding a unicycle in the circus .
The man is wearing a polo shirt .
The man is playing music .
a kid using a straw
people playing instruments for money
people playing instruments for money because they are homeless
the men were playing music on the street corner
the musicians were playing in a large stadium
the listener was using an iphone to check her texts
She is inside her house
The lady is outside
The lady has a smartphone
Girl calls her mom
Girl recording a video
Girl taking picture
A person horse jumping
A person who was surgically connected to a horse escapes from captivity .
A person kills a horse to send it to a glue factory .
Street performers make their living on the corner .
Street performers show their skills .
Two musicians perform in a sold out hall .
A woman is playing catch with her son .
A female is tossing a round object .
A man is throwing a frisbee .
The people are camping by the river .
There are people outside .
The people are sitting in the classroom .
A dog is swimming to it 's owner .
A dog is swimming outside .
A frog swims in the water .
People on a plane .
Three people outside .
People camping .
The lonely camper poured water on the campfire .
A group of people are burning stuff .
A group of people are burning everything they can .
A hippo is swimming in a lake .
An animal is swimming outside .
The dog is retrieving a duck .
The three people cook hot dogs
The fire burns on
The four girls put out the fire
Dog swimming in water .
Dog running in an open field .
The dog has long hair .
a dog dries itself off
a dog is swimming at the lake
There is an animal in water
The woman is helping a kid eat .
The boy is writing his English paper .
The boy is using a computer
A woman makes pizza .
The lady butcher shows a customer a large cut .
A woman handles meat .
A woman is working a tough job .
A man is watching his employees .
The woman is working inside .
Woman handling meat from in front of a wooden counter .
Woman petting her dog in the backyard , on a calm sunny day .
Female chef preparing meat at a large wooden counter , with seasonings in a bowl .
There is a room full of seventeen children .
There is a room full of children .
There is a room with a single child .
A girl walks passed a puddle with trees behind here .
A woman walks past water with tall trees in the background .
A woman goes for a swim in the water fountain with trees in the background .
People are in class .
People are waiting to answer questions .
The people are being rude .
A black man in a suit is moving his hands diligently while speaking .
A white man in overalls is moving his hands while speaking .
A black man has great enthusiasm and is waving his hands while speaking .
A man is browsing things for sale on the road .
A sad man is browsing things for sale on the street .
A woman is browsing things for sale on the street .
A man outside on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house .
A man is giving his house a fresh coat of paint .
Picasso is doodling in a notebook .
The sun is shining directly on the house to be repaired .
Its raining outside .
It is to warm to be outside .
A man is playing basketball .
A construction worker is repairing siding .
A man is wearing a hat .
Children get some temporary bodily decorations
Old man paint on canvas by the river
Children at a festival get temporary tattoos
A small boy runs away from his babysitter and into the woods .
A girl is dancing .
The boy is playing in the woods .
The boy is sitting inside his tent .
A boy is outside .
A young boy is looking for birds in the woods .
A young girl plays with dolls .
A child walks through the woods looking for animals .
A young child walks through the woods .
A child is running in Autumn with his dad .
A child is running over leaves .
An old man is running over leaves .
Little Timmy was chased by goblins through the forest
A kid sits by the stream
A child runs through the woods
A boy is running through a rose garden .
A child is running .
A puppy is sitting .
A crew is getting ready
The team loses the game .
The team is playing basketball
the men are sitting in a restaurant .
The men are having a conversation .
The men talk about their game .
Commentators and broadcasters are preparing at the arena before a game
Commentators and broadcasters are rehearsing at the arena before a game
Commentators and broadcasters are rushing through traffic before a game
Three basketball commentators are yelling
Three basketball commentators are fighting the basketball players .
Three people are watching basketball from the sideline
Reporters or commentators at a sporting event await the press conference from the head coach .
A group of people have gathered at a sporting event behind a large sign .
No one gathered at a sporting event near the large sign .
There is fire visible in the shot .
There is only one food item visible , and it is a burrito .
One of the women is having her 30th birthday .
A volcano erupts .
A girl and a fountain .
A girl and a drinking fountain .
The girl is being blown away by the wind .
A girl is wearing pink and white .
The girl has a handbasket .
A child is wearing only one color .
The girl is wearing all blue clothing .
The girl is walking to school .
A young girl wears blue in the classroom .
A young girl wears pink with black shoes .
A young girl wears a pink outfit .
A man is posing beside a road sign in the snow
A man is making faces while jumping in the air .
A child is running down the road .
A little girl is dressed in the same color .
A little girl is wearing a pink dress .
Nobody is there .
It is snowing .
The man is exercising .
It is very hot .
A little boy is swimming by the Jersey Shore
A little boy is swimming in his backyard pool
A little boy is outside in the water
child got hurt on bike
nurse treats child
moose eats trees
There is only one person present .
Three kids prepare to go canoeing while their friend uses his kayak .
Some kids are taking a test at school .
Three kids stand at the shore of a lake .
The kids are all at camp .
A ship sinks in the ocean .
The kids are getting ready to go for a swim .
The redheaded boy is ready to kayak on the lake .
There are multiple people present .
A boy in a yellow kayak .
A church youth group prepares to go out on the lake in kayaks and canoes .
Three children stand near a clear lake and some canoes , while a fourth child sits in a kayak holding a paddle , dressed in red .
The grass is green .
A lake is trying to pull the kids into it .
There is no water in the lake .
The people are on a family canoe trip .
A young man is canoeing .
A group of people white water rafts down a raging river .
A child goes paddleboarding for the first time .
An old man falls off a paddleboard .
A small human in the water .
A child has a bowl on her head .
A young girl has a bowl on her head filled with spaghetti .
A girl has a plate on her head .
Three men are reading the bible .
People are staring at text .
Women are reading a book .
A nurse monitors a patient .
A nurse is administering an injection .
A woman watching over a person .
A little girl is playing a board game with her brother .
A small child is reading her book to her stuffed animals .
A small child is holding a book .
The sleeping child is standing .
The sleeping child is in the hospital .
The sleeping child lies on a hospital bed .
the girl reads a book about dogs
the girl reads a book
the dog eats rats
The crowd watches a baseball game
The crowd is watching a track meet .
The Pirates are playing the Mets .
The final game of the championship is being played while many fans are in the stands .
Fans fill the seats as they watch their favorite soccer teams battle it out on the pitch .
A baseball game is being played .
The baseball player is batting with a blue bat .
The player is ready to hit .
The basketball player is going to throw the ball .
One man with a bat wearing red and white .
Someone wearing green and yellow holds a crickett bat .
A man is up next to bat .
The person has a piece of athletic equipment .
The man will hit a ball .
An athlete is playing piano .
A boat sits alone at the docks edge .
The boat was surrounded by other large steam ships .
A boat is floating .
A girl in a tank top and pants is running .
A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall yellow flowers .
A girl in a blue dress is sitting under a tall tree .
The people are sitting on a couch .
The people are all on the same team .
The people are racing .
Two men talk at the beach .
Two men talk in the rain .
Two men talk about their wives at the beach .
Four people are skating .
Four people are at the bar .
Four people are racing .
People are playing a game on the ice .
The couple is taking a picture .
People are playing a game wearing colorful skates .
The people are skating .
The skaters compete in an olympic qualifying event .
The boy and girl are swimming across the lake .
Some humans participating .
Huge humans participating .
No humans participating
The soccer players are standing around drinking water .
Soccer players are running on the grass .
A soccer team practices after school .
Runners must go uphill in the marathon to reach the checkpoint .
Runners run in the marathon .
The runners will not go uphill .
The man is eating dinner .
The man is looking for something in the boxes .
The man is moving a box ,
A man stacking crates .
A man counting stock and moving crates .
A man stacking boxes in a truck .
A man working hard .
A guy like to keep things tidy .
A chicken prepares for battle .
A man performs simple work functions .
A man is using a machine to stack crates .
A man stacks crates next to each other .
A woman standing on a crate
A man and a crate
An old man trying to get to a crate
One girl is sitting .
The girl is swimming .
The girls are getting dressed for the game .
A girl is busy reading while another sits nearby .
Two girls are getting books out of their lockers .
Two girls are in school .
Men are working .
Two men are inside a boat .
Construction workers are digging a hole behind the fence .
Two men are working outside .
Two men are standing on top of a fence .
Two men a hats and yellow shirts are working behind a fence .
The group of men are fighting chickens behind a fence .
Two men work .
The men in hats and shirts are working fast behind a fence .
Two men work behind a fence .
Two men work on digging up something behind a fence .
The men wear uniforms .
Two men are gardeners .
Two men in yellow shirts doze off in the grass .
Tulips grow out of Popeye 's ears .
Two women are looking for something .
Two men are looking for a lost ring .
Two men are looking for something .
Two workers are opening a utility box .
Two workers are hammering in nails on a deck .
Two electricians are opening a utility box .
Sad Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence .
People wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence .
Women wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence .
Two people sitting at a desk
Two people planting a vegetable garden
People working in a yard
Two guys are talking .
Five girls are talking .
Two guys are talking and someone interrupts them .
A disabled man is resting his painful back
A person is standing
A man is sitting on the train
People are outside in the snow .
One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the school grounds in a snowy background .
One person is holding two other people hostage with a gun on a plane .
The guy is getting ready to throw snow at some people .
The father and the two kids are playing on the beach .
The father is going to throw snow on his two kids .
Humans waiting
Tall humans waiting
Nobody is waiting
The two dogs are sleeping under the porch of the house .
There are two animals in this picture .
The two dogs are chasing a frisbee across the field , thrown over and over by their owner .
Two dogs are outside .
Two dogs are in the backyard glaring at each other over which will get to reach the bone first .
Four dogs look at one another inside .
Two little dogs run across the grass .
animals are running outdoors
It is raining on two dogs .
the pets are laying on the floor inside .
The canines run near each other .
A pair of dogs are playing together .
Three cats are sleeping .
The dogs fall asleep near the cats .
Two dogs are outside .
Two dogs sit down .
some small dogs are running to their owners
Two small brown dogs run across the green grass .
One dog chases after the other dog .
Two dogs are outside .
Two large dogs run across the sidewalk .
Three people play outside
Three people sit in a hot tub
Three people build a snowman
Two dogs are playing tug - o - war .
Two dogs are playing .
Two dogs are fighting .
The man wearing the jacket stood in front of two women .
The man was wearing a black jacket .
A woman sees a man sitting still .
A woman is watching a sporting event .
A woman is watching a man kick things .
A girl looking at some squares on the bench
A married couple examining some balls
Two people looking at balls
Two kids watch tv .
Two people play a game .
An old woman plays a game with her son .
The puppy is playing outside .
The animal likes to roll in the winter to stay warm .
The pet is inside the house .
There are people making music together .
The band is eating lunch at their favorite cafe
The band is playing a benefit concert in the park .
The man is holding the instrument .
The man is playing the harmonica in his bathroom .
The man has white hair .
People making music together
A band playing for their fans at the local arena
A group of people holding babies in a hospital
The band was trying to get their break .
Three people went to the planetarium .
The band had a fiddler and a guitarist .
Children are playing in a tire swing .
Children are playing on a slide at the park .
Children are playing in a tire swing on a sunny morning .
A sad man playing guitar on stage .
An elderly woman playing guitar on stage .
An elderly person playing guitar on stage .
Students are working on their art projects in the classroom .
The students are using crayon for their art projects .
The students are being taught an algebra lesson .
A dog loves standing in the snow .
A dog is outside in the snow .
A dog is rolling around in the snow .
the cat is sleeping on the woman
There are some dogs that are fighting
The dogs are just playing
A group of cheerleaders cheering .
Two girls riding bikes .
A group of cheerleaders practicing during a football game .
An old man talks to his neighbor while standing in the park .
A man is standing .
An old man rides a bicycle .
a woman writes down what she is seeing
she is looking at bacteria
there is a child playing
The woman is in the beauty salon having her hair and nails done
The woman is using a microscope and taking notes
The scientist has just made a discovery and is writing it down
The teaching assistant shows the class how to document changes in the bacteria slides .
The teacher is writing on the chalkboard .
A woman looks through the microscope .
Ensuring that all the clothes are clean and pressed .
Establishing that everything is accurately recorded .
Ensuring an accurate account is kept in case there are legal issues in the future .
The dogs have a toy .
The dogs are sleeping .
The animals are friendly to each other .
There are people getting on a tour boat .
The tour boat is sinking .
The passengers are going on a cruise .
People take a swim at the lake
An iced over lake is bereft of anyone around it
A group gathers at the lake on the first day of summer
The dog sleeping in his bed
The black dog is outside
Dog is searching for somehting in the snow
A woman spends money .
A woman is in the mall .
A woman bought lettuce .
A girl is about to go to the hospital .
A girl lost her fingers !
A boy is watching tv .
Women playing sports
A couple women are playing frisbee .
Two women are outside .
Two women are playing frisbee together in a grass field outdoors .
Two women are playing a game .
Two woman playing games
Two women are sitting in a restaurant .
A couple of women are playing frisbee on the beach .
Two women are playing frisbee together .
A couple of women are playing catch with a baseball .
Two women sitting in a park
friends playing games
Three women playing frisbee
Two women are watching a spaceship fly through the air .
Two women playing catch
Two men sell vegetables at an outdoor stand .
The men are selling home made cheese and butter .
The men are farm hands .
The woman is posing .
The woman is lying down .
The woman is old .
The man is serving salad .
The man is working the vegetable stand .
The man is cooking at a grill .
A lady is getting ready for a banquet .
A lady is near a blow dryer .
A woman is at the salon .
the young man is wearing a black t - shirt modeled after a tuxedo
the young man is playing the saxophone
the young man is auditioning for julliard
The band was great !
The band members were singing .
The band was not there .
A boy is playing in the school band on stage .
A girls is polishing the instruments .
A boy is playing an instrument .
A young band is competing in a talent show .
A school band is playing .
A group of men are working in a play .
Some people are playing instruments for a school holiday concert .
People are singing and playing instruments .
The singing woman is wearing a green dress .
A single person plays a harmonica alone .
A music group plays good music .
A music group plays music .
Four people at a festival .
Two men sleeping .
A musical quintet are performing their favorite song at a festival .
A solo performer sits alone on the stage .
A band performs a musical number on stage .
A bluegrass band performs a song .
a heavy set woman wearing a jacket is not happy .
a slim woman is enjoying her blue jacket .
a large woman got irritated .
The men are old
The men are sleeping
Two men are in wheelchairs
There is a person with a boogie board .
The person is at a water park .
The person with the boogie board is walking home on the sidewalk .
Two people in love are in the middle of a huge crowd .
Two complete strangers are the only ones in the room .
A married couple is in the proximity of other humans .
A young women is sitting .
The young women is outside at a red table .
The young women is in college .
referee discussing with player
players playing
players in field
man and woman talking
dog looks at car
husband and wife talk
two teams playing rugby .
two teams playing a game .
two teams chasing a football .
Two teams playing .
One team practicing rugby .
Two teams that are rivals .
The rugby players forgot to bring their ball today .
The rugby players are outside .
The words on the wall are wrote in blue .
The men are playing frisbee .
The men are fishing on a boat .
The men are playing basketball .
A group is struggling over a ball .
A group of basketball players rest on the sidelines .
A group of rugby players fight for a ball in the final minutes of a game .
a couple boys are together
boys are saying goodbye to each other
girls are swimming
A couple of young boys are washing their hands .
A couple of kids are covered in dirt .
A couple of kids are running down a hall .
Asian women cooking food
Asian women playing dress up
Asian women in a parade
The sun is behind the subject of the man taking the picture .
The man taking the picture is wearing shorts and sunglasses .
A man in purple shorts takes a picture .
3 people are on the sidewalk
3 Asian women wait for the bus
3 white people sit on the curb
The people are outdoors eating and drinking .
The people are chatting with one another .
The people are inside at the dining room table .
A woman and man are standing in front of a building .
A couple is painting graffiti on the side of a building .
A single man is alone in a boat on the ocean .
Some people are outside .
The man is asking his girlfriend to marry him .
Two people are sitting in the movie theater .
The woman is talking to another woman .
The woman is talking to her husband .
The woman is talking .
The building was vandalized by a gang .
Two people stand outside .
The building was burnt down due to arson .
The adults are eating dinner .
The adults are wearing clothes .
The children are eating the meal .
The two people are standing back to back .
The two people are outdoors
The two people are old friends
A woman in black sips a drink as she looks at the dogs below her .
A person drinks while people watching .
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her in the street .
The people are all nude .
People are walking on a street .
The lady is ravishing .
There is a view of a city street with some people wearing white and red walking .
There is a view of a city street with many people wearing white and red while walking .
There is no view of the city street with some people wearing black and yellow while walking .
The people are making noise together .
The people are singing on stage .
The people are quietly eating .
The couple sing harmoniously as the woman plucks her glittery banjo , it 's sparkle standing out in the crowd .
The man and woman singing due play their instruments , although the woman 's instrument is blocked by something .
The couple sing and play together nicely , even if the man 's brown hat is blocking the woman 's instrument .
The woman sipped her drink .
The woman ate a candy bar on the balcony .
The woman sat on the balcony and watched the Bull run .
old people are singing for their church
old people are singing and playing instruments
the old people are on their death beds watching tv
There are some people standing around whilst fenced in .
There are eight people surrounded by a fence .
A few people are sitting down in a fenced area .
A winter scene with four people walking to a party .
A winter scene with people walking .
A winter landscape with people dressed in swimsuits .
two animals run across dry ground .
two cats run across dry ground .
two big dogs run across dry ground .
The animals are taking a nap inside .
The animals are moving .
A pit bull and a golden retriever take the short cut home .
The dogs are running in the desert .
The dogs are walking to the water in the desert .
The dogs are on the beach .
There are some dogs outside .
The dogs are leading the cameraman somewhere .
The dogs are running towards the camera .
a man watersking for the first time
a man on a motorcycle
a man watersking
A couple of mutts are chasing a squirrel .
There are canines in the yard .
Two dogs are running through the house .
the girl laughing
the girl is wearing jeans .
THe girl is on tv
All the girls are smiling .
The girls are wearing red sweaters .
At least one girl is smiling .
Girls wearing blue dresses play with a piece of fabric and pose for a picture .
The girl just noticed the camera .
There is a smiling girl pointing to the camera .
A man holding fabric while a girl is smiling and pointing to the camera .
a number of girls dressed in blue , one of whom smiles
A lady holds fabric while another woman points at the camera .
A girl smiles and points at a picture .
The girls are wearing shorts .
Girls in swimsuits get ready to dive into an empty pool .
two woman pose for a picture , and one of them is holding fabric .
a birthday group is photographed
twenty puppys lick a sad girls tears
A dog watches a frisbee pass over his head and yawns .
A dog is playing catch .
A dog catches a frisbee in the park .
A group of boys playing ball .
A group of girls using cloths to wash a car .
A group of girls in blue holding cloths .
Nobody is in a pool .
A human in a pool
A tall human in a pool
Two Indian people people dancing at a wedding .
Two Indian people eating a wedding dinner .
An Indian couple dancing at their wedding .
The adults build crappy sandcastles .
The teenagers try to out draw each other on the beach .
The children play simply .
A girl wearing a red dress is playing on the monkey bars .
A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground .
A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground with friends .
The swimmer is coming up from the water .
The swimmer is coming up for air .
The swimmer is drowning .
The beard is short .
A bearded man is wearing an America - themed shirt .
The bandanna is yellow .
The swimmer is diving deep into the ocean .
The swimmer is getting out of the water .
A person is wet .
A person is running in a field .
A swimmer won a competition .
The child is talking to his friend .
The child is in a barren field .
The child is wearing green .
Three people without hats are sitting on the beach .
Four people are enjoying their day outside .
Four people sit outside .
The girl sat on the beach alone .
The guys sat on the beach near the water .
The guys sat on the beach near the water watching the sunset .
A small group of adults and children are not wearing hats
A small group of adults and children are wearing hats
A small group of adults and children are joyously wearing hats
Some people are on vacation .
Some people are having a large party on the coast .
Some people are sitting on the coast .
The man is happy as he walks .
The man is walking through Paris .
The woman sits outside .
The snow is thick .
The people are inside .
There are people .
The dog is swimming .
The dog is scratching his back .
The dog rolls over .
The people are on their way home
The people in a bus
The people are outside .
A woman just finished dancing for a massive audience .
A woman just finished eating cake .
A woman just finished dancing .
A woman is drawing .
A woman is drawing .
The Sharpie is black
The woman is old
A young girl is drawing using a Sharpie marker
The woman is running around the room .
Three art students are walking in the art classroom and exchanging their paint brushes
a women is drawing
The woman is drawing
A young women is drawing in art class .
she i using a black sharpie
An art student is performing a sketch of the field in Sharpie marker
the women is using a pencil
A man is drawing with a colored pencil .
The woman is an art student .
A woman is drawing a dinosaur at a table with a blue permanent marker .
A woman is writing on a wall with a colored pencil .
A woman is drawing .
The carpenter draws lines on the wooden board .
The artist makes a quick sketch on the tile .
A person is using a writing utensil .
A woman is decorating a tile .
A woman is painting a tile at a picnic table .
A woman is weaving a basket .
A student draws on poster board .
A student draws a chevron pattern on poster board .
A student knits a scarf .
A man leads the parade .
A man walks behind the parade .
A man is in a parade ..
A person appears to be looking in a mirror .
A person in a black shirt is looking in a mirror .
A person in shoes is dancing .
A woman is preparing to dive .
A woman is looking down into a pool of tears preparing to dive into them .
A woman is looking into a pool .
A person is riding a bike near a wall .
A biker does a trick with other bikers .
A person is walking their bike by a wall .
The player swings his bat .
The player hit a home run .
The player is throwing the football .
The man is running away from the cat
A woman walks with her dog
The woman is trying to out - walk her dog
A man is riding a bicycle up a graffiti covered wall .
A man is performing a trick on a bicycle to a small crowd .
A man is riding a bicycle down a country road .
someone hitting a ball
someone hitting a ball during the championship baseball game
2 basketball players
The person is falling off his bike .
The person is on a bicycle .
The man is on a boat .
A bike rider is outside doing tricks .
The bmx rider has been riding his entire life .
The bike rider is sitting on a chair .
Two guys ride bikes in a triathlon .
Two guys ride bikes .
Two guys eat hamburgers in front of TV .
A lady painting .
A naked lady painting stick figures with her feces .
A lady painting a picture of a famous person .
A woman who is wearing a purple shirt is painting another woman who has purple on as well .
A man is dancing at a party while a woman is on the wall .
A woman who is wearing purple is painting another woman .
The woman was painting a portrait of herself .
The woman was inside the coffee house .
The woman was painting .
There are people on a bridge
There is one person on a bridge
There are people on a long bridge
Three young boys are all in swimming trunks and no shirts .
Group of young boys all in hoodies .
Three best friends get into mischief .
the cars drove by in the city
the man was in the countryside
the man was talking
The man and woman eat here all the time .
The man and woman are on their phones .
The couple are outdoors .
A couple is sleeping .
A couple is outside
A couple is having lunch
Some kids in hooded sweatshirts loiter .
Three young school friends pose .
Three girls having a tea party .
The little girl likes her hat
The little girl is angry
The little girl is happy
A little girl runs through the living room laughing
A little girl is inside .
A child sits for her first birthday photos
A little girl wears a colorful hat .
A girl in a hat
A baby is crying .
A girl wearing a hat smiles with some people .
A girl rides a horse in a field .
A girl is wearing a hat .
A little girl is wearing a colorful hat , the same one that her father used to wear .
A girl has something on her head .
A girl is posing for a family portrait .
A child is posing on a pillow in a pretty hat .
A little girl is lying down , as she is very sick .
A boy is running in a field .
A child is laying down .
A boy is playing with his friends
A girl is trying to take a nap .
A little girl poses for a picture her mom is taking .
A little girl chases an ice cream truck .
A little girl poses for the camera .
There is a group of people near a tower .
The people are inside a house .
The people were just at the tower .
The men are eating pie .
Three men have clothes on .
The men are standing up .
the child is asian
the hat is large
the child is mexican
A man is using a tool to improve his view .
The man does not like the scenery he is viewing .
The man is reading a book .
The man is wearing a coat .
The man is drinking coffee .
The man has a camera .
a woman pilots a submarine on land
a man looks through a telescope by the sea
a man near the sea looks through a telescope
People are walking in New York .
There are many people walking at Times Square .
People are walking next to a building that has a Cinderella poster in the window .
There are many people sitting at Times Square
People are walking next to the building where the Lion King is being performed .
There are many people happily walking at Times Square
Woman photographer taking pictures of sunset .
Photographer taking pictures of of a birthday party .
Photographer taking pictures .
A girl in a red shirt is eating some ice cream .
A girl in a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a wooden bench .
A person is sitting on a bench .
a girl swings on a rotten log swing
a girl swinging
a man falls off a swing
A girl is having a picnic
A girl is sitting on a bench outside
A girl is waiting for a bus
The woman is dancing in the streets .
The woman is waiting for a friend .
There is a woman on a bench outside .
Some people walking down the street holding hands escaping the rain .
Some people being lazy sitting on the curb .
Some people walking down the street .
Two people are sitting on a bench .
A woman and a child are running on a bridge .
Two people walking across a bridge .
The girl is swimming in a lake .
The girl is outside .
The girl is swinging with a friend .
The girl has red hair .
A girl is swinging .
The log is hanging from a rope .
the man is sleeping in his bed
there is one man in this picture
the man is getting ready to drink his coffee while reading the paper
The grass is healthy
There are no dogs .
There are two dogs
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking with his parents .
The baby is playing alone at home .
The baby is walking in a plaza .
robed people selling veggies in market
monks selling vegetables in the market
people waddling down the street
A group of teenagers plays tennis at the park
A group of teenagers are playing cards in the hallway at school
Teenagers are sitting in the school hallway
A baby on a playground slide outside
A man sitting on a couch asleep
A baby sitting on top of a slide
The flowers on her shirt are red
She wears a decorated shirt
He eats the pottery
two people climb a set of stairs onto a pirate ship .
two people are climbing stairs to jump off the bridge .
two people are outside moving .
A husband and wife are swimming in the ocean .
Two people are escalating .
A couple is visiting a state park .
People walking up stairs .
People walking up stairs on their way home .
People walking down stairs .
A sad man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city .
A person walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city .
A woman walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city .
A child climbs steps by themselves next to a bridge .
Two people walking up to a bridge .
A couple walks up steep steps to a large blue bridge .
A man sits outdoors .
A man sits down to adjust his uncomfortable green shoes .
A man sits indoors .
A woman eats a sundae .
A man teaches his son to swim .
A child learns to swim .
A man is wearing sunglasses .
A man is shoeless .
A man is wearing shoes .
A drunk man is drinking in a garden
a casually dressed man sits in the garden
A man is outside .
An individual sits drinking a beer in a garden .
A man is trying to unwind from the workweek
A man is taking a break from weeding his garden .
A man is wearing a button up
a lazy man relaxes with a beer
The man is on a ladder hanging a sign .
a man jumps from earth to the moon
A woman is sitting and eating cake in a garden .
two men sip wine together
a beer is held by a man in casual attire
A man is wearing a tank top .
a casually dressed man sits and waits for his wife
There 's a guy in a chair out in the yard .
A man in pants is standing up .
There 's a guy sleeping in a chair in the yard .
A man wears jean boxer briefs .
A man wears cut off jean shorts .
A man wears jean shorts .
The woman is holding a ceramic bowl .
The woman just made the bowl .
The woman is wearing a plain , green shirt .
A little girl slides down a tube .
A little girl is crying as she slides down a tube .
A little girl slides down a tube at a park .
The dogs are chasing each other after a long day cooped up in the house .
3 dogs are sitting in a dog shelter hoping someone will adopt them and play ball with them .
The dogs all want the same ball .
A man sings into microphone
A man is performing on stage
A man is dancing without a microphone
A bride and a groom french kiss .
A bride and a groom kiss .
A bride in a groom do n't share a kiss .
A man is walking to his neighbor 's house .
A man is walking outside .
A man is walking around inside his house .
The fans are driving .
All the fans like this performance the best .
The performance has gotten the fans cheering .
The soldiers are outdoors .
The soldiers are silent/
The soldiers are having a discussion outdoors while others look .
The child is thirsty .
The redhead is drinking from the garden hose .
The kid is using a garden hose for drinking .
Armed forces officers balance their guns on childrens heads at a playground .
Civilians and armed forces officers trade insults at a playground
Armed forces officers stand around a playground .
A group of troops are getting ready to deploy from a plane .
A group of troops are laughing and talking .
A group of troops are attempting to stay quiet .
they are in the military
they are on mars
they are at a park
The young children go shopping .
A young girl and her brothers walk down a rural road .
A young girl and two boys travel down a dirt road .
Some people fishing down near a creek .
Some people enjoying the day by the farmhouse .
Some people down near a creek .
boys are congregating together by the water
girls are gossiping
boys stand next to another boy sitting by the water
Five young boys are near water .
One boy is controlling a remote control boat while others watch .
Five young boys are in a boat on the water .
There are many Asians at the table .
The group of Asians are playing a round of golf .
The group Asians are eating dinner at the table .
Nobody has their fist clenched .
The girl is short .
Someone is jumping .
Three children are outside .
Three children are taking turns riding a bike .
Three children are swimming in a river .
The bicycle is moving .
The child is wearing a red shirt .
The child is a boy .
A caucasian base player is wearing a gray shirt .
A drummer is backing up a base player .
An African American base payer and a drummer are wearing blue shirts .
A man is steering a car .
A guy is at the green helm of a boat .
The boat pilot is testing a new lightweight anodized aluminum steering wheel at the helm of a ship .
the man is working a tractor
the man is going on a trip
the man is on a boat
A man standing beside a boat .
A ship wheel is manned by a well - equipped older man .
An older man takes his ship on the sea .
The ship captain has abandon his ship .
The ship captain is holding the sterring wheel .
The captain is on the bridge .
Older man sailing a ship
Older man wearing an outfit
Older man having a pool party
Three firefighters are about to start shooting a themed porno .
Three men are looking to find the guy who prank called them .
Three people are angry .
The brothers are racing towards home .
The brothers are dreaming .
The brothers are napping on the couch .
a man makes coffee
the man is making soup
the man is a chef
Nobody has clothing .
A person has clothing .
A tall person has clothing .
The woman is speaking to the man .
A woman challenges her karate instructor to a fight .
It is sunny outside .
The people are watching her .
The woman is inside taking a bath .
The woman is on the street .
A little girl at the park .
Little girl swinging .
Little girl napping on the chair .
Two bears are climbing a tree .
People are outside .
People are at a wedding .
The band is eating dinner .
The band is playing music for an audience .
The band is playing music .
The vendors in stalls are on a street .
Stalls on a cobblestone street are selling goods .
People are shopping in the mall .
the horse was running
the cowboy was winning the competition
the cowboy rode the sheep
The men are eating chicken noodle soup .
The women are eating pizza .
The people are eating soup .
The woman walks around the track .
The woman jogs on an indoor track .
A person is jogging .
three people sitting at a round table
the people know eachother
the people are plotting an assassination
A family looks over a menu at a restaurant
A young family at a local steak house decide which cut of meat they want
A family at home orders a delivery pizza
A puppy is sitting .
A family is getting ready to order .
People are conversing .
The Chinese people are busy with something .
The Chinese people are taking pictures .
The Chinese poeple are nt doing anything .
people are watching a man create a clay sculpture .
people are watching a man create a mural .
people are watching a man create a mural of flowers .
Two men are playing basketball while a man is clasping his hands .
A woman and a man is sitting and another is man is clasping his hand .
There are three people there .
The woman is sitting down with family .
The woman is performing in the parade .
The woman is dancing a traditional dance .
The painter is sleeping near his easle .
The painter is painting an ad for a local moving company .
People watch as a person paints the side of a building .
A crowd of people stand under a sign in Las Vegas .
A crowd of people standing on the summit of a mountain .
A crowd of people stand under a sign .
The people are outside a pool
The adults are outside
the people are load
THe driver did not see the approaching train .
The car is near a train .
The small car is blue .
The man is wearing a white shirt
The man had a green shirt on earlier today
The man is an armadillo
A young man and an older man play street hockey .
Two men are sitting .
A grandfather sits and watches his favorite tv show whithhis grandson .
Three men are in a garage working under the hood of an old car .
Three men are playing musical instruments .
Three men are performing on stage in front of a crowd of people who are cheering .
Three men working
A guy taking a nap
Three construction workers working at a site
A man is not indoors
A homeless man is drinking booze outside the liquor store
A woman is sitting in her living room sipping on champagne
Three construction men are taking a lunch break .
A building is being worked on .
A manager is directing the workers from below .
The construction worker is walking an I - beam 30 feet in the air without a harness .
A person is working .
A construction worker is at lunch .
It is almost time for the men to quit for the day
Two men do construction work .
Two guys are restructuring a roof
Two men drink wine and watch the opera .
Two men are working outdoors
Two guys are doing construction work
These two men are security guards
Two men operate hammers on a surface .
A couple of workers are are doing construction .
There are two men wearing blue uniforms who are working atop a house that is being built .
The two men are working on a job .
The construction workers are taking a shower .
A few miners are working on extracting ore from the earth .
Two men are on break at a restaurant
The workers are getting ready to jackhammer into the street to fix a water main leak .
Workers on a platform work to carry an item with tall buildings in the background
Male workers on a platform work together to carry a piece of metal with skyscrapers in the background
Workers on a platform work to clean windows by the ocean .
A trio of jazz muscicians performing at a nightclub .
A trio of older gentlemen play chamber music in a concert hall .
A trio of older gentlemen performing in a musical concert .
The children are watching a karate movie on the floor .
The two kids are physically active .
Two children are arguing and fighting each other .
A man is performing at a cafe
A man is rapping at a hip hop show
The man is naked in the shower by himself .
A man is singing
The man is wearing black shoes .
a man sings into a mic
The man is near the microphone .
Donkey drive a bus into a herd of waffles
Young country boy tries to rap for the first time
a man performs for the first time
A white man has black hair .
A white man has white hair .
A white man has light black hair .
Young boy performs folk song for a crowd
a man plays madden on xbox
A man holds a microphone .
A woman is painting .
A man is singing with a microphone .
Dogs are walking outside
Dogs eating birds
Dogs on a walk and one has a leash
A young man is singing .
A young man is making a speech .
A young man at a karaoke bar .
the guy sings loudly
the cat eats sheep
the guy sings
A man mows the lawn .
Dogs outside .
Two dogs walking through the woods to get home .
A human standing
A tall human standing
Nobody is standing
some women standing in a park
Some ladies are posing
Ladies are posing for the camera
A woman is staring off at something .
A woman is looking at her neighbors erect a new barn .
A woman is sitting in her rocking chair knitting a hat .
This person is wearing winter clothing , hat , coat and scarf , while standing outside her front door
A man is wearing a sun hat in the backyard .
A woman is wearing a heavy coat , standing on the patio .
The woman is wearing a tan jacket .
The woman is wearing a black jacket .
The woman is wearing gloves .
A man is standing in front of the porch door .
It is sunny outside .
The man is sitting down .
Several people are in close proximity to each other .
Several people are getting their heads shaved to benefit charity .
Many onlookers are watching from a short distance .
The adults are naked .
The adults are playing in a pool .
Adults play in water .
The two people weaaring brightly colored shirts are men .
The woman is wearing a pink and orange dress .
The person in orange is standing next to a person wearing pink .
The colored clothes make the group of people stand out .
The three people are in bright colored clothes .
The three men are wearing to much dark clothes .
Three men pose for a picture .
Three men are smiling together .
Three men are at a concert with black hoodies .
Many people are playing outside .
Many people are arguing .
Many people are enjoying themselves .
People are near water .
People are doing flips into river .
People are standing on the beach .
the players are brazilian
players doing a drill
the people are flying a plane
Some young men are playing baseball .
Basketball is being played .
The young men play on a court .
A girl swimming alone .
A girl playing softball , alone .
A lonely girl swims alone in a lake , hoping that someone on the shore might come swim with her .
they are playing basketball
The men are in the gym
They are outside
A waiter is smoking outside the restaurant .
A man is cooking for a customer .
A man smokes outside .
They are sweating
The woman are doing yoga
They are all young
The toddler is happy .
A smiling toddler brings her notebook to a table to color .
A happy toddler is playing with her blocks .
A boy skips down the street .
A singer rehearses a song with his keyboard .
A man performs a song .
A toddler girl is walking with a red piece of paper .
A toddler is walking .
An adult is walking with a red piece of paper in hand .
The synthesizer is shaped like a tennis racket .
The synthesizer is making noise .
The curtains are drawn closed .
Jessica bought a new book .
Billy was running with his book clutched next to him .
Billy was running with his book .
The alter boy cleans up after the church service .
A little boy stands by folding chairs holding a red book .
A girl holds a candle by a stage .
A flight attendant is putting on a show
A worker is on the plane
A flight attendant is using a seat belt
The lady is headed to Taiwan .
The woman is on a boat .
A stewardess is on a plane .
A flight attendant showing passengers something .
A flight attendant on duty .
A carpenter at work .
An mean elderly woman and another younger woman
An elderly alien and another younger alien
An elderly woman and another younger woman
The woman is working as a stewardess .
The woman is demonstrating a floatation device on a boat .
The woman is inside an airplane .
Two asian mothers are working out together
Two friends are walking .
Two Asian women walk .
Two people are walking .
Two ladies are walking down the street .
Two caucasians are walking
Two Asian women walk through a park .
The females are mountain climbing .
Two Asian women sit at a table .
Two ladies are tending their gardens .
Two men are hiking .
Two asian females are taking a stroll together
Ladies are walking .
The females are moving their legs .
The females are in Japan .
The ladies are sitting in the kitchen .
The two young women are walking somewhere .
The two young women are walking in the park .
Two women are running together .
One man jogging outside .
A man and a women are walking together .
Ladies are walking .
The ladies are walking down a corridor .
Two women are strolling down the road .
Two young women walking through a park .
A pair of young looking females walking .
Two girls are walking together .
The two young women are sitting on a bench .
A couple of girls are walking .
Two women on a walk outside .
Two friends are walking down the street looking for a restaurant
Two friends are walking down the street
Friends are sleeping in the street
There are two people walking in a park .
There are two people walking .
There are four people jogging .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is smashing his guitar .
A man is playing an Oasis song in a college courtyard .
A man is playing the guitar .
The man is playing the flute .
The man is good with the guitar .
A man playing a slow song on a outside .
A man playing an accordion for a crowd .
A man standing outside .
The woman is wearing high heel shoes while window shopping .
The woman is standing outside the Dior store .
The woman is standing outside the shop 's window .
The guitarist plays his favorite song .
A musician plays a song .
The guitarist smashes his guitar at the end of the set .
Two girls hold up their younger sister as a sacrifice to the Gods .
Two girls are holding up their little sister .
Two girls are struggling to hold on to their heavy sister .
A motocross biker about to descend after his big jump .
A biker about to descend .
A biker waits for his turn to race .
A husband and a wife with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat .
children are in a queue .
A man and a woman are looking at a boat .
Three teenage girls practice their cheerleader routine .
Two girls order a pizza from an older woman .
Females holding another female in a room .
a person sits on the couch eating cheetos
a person is rappelling towards a waterfall
a person is rappelling
A person rides a motorcycle .
A person drives a car .
A person rides a motorcycle fast .
Two girls are watching a third girl being lifted by a couple boys .
A guy uses a hose to water his bush .
Three girls are sitting on the grass eating ice cream
Two girls are lifting somebody
Two girls lift a third at a cheer leading competition .
Two girls are picking up another girl
Two blonde haired girls are lifting a brown haired girl
Two girls beat up a younger girl .
Three girls are at cheerleading practice
A wooden door has a hole in it .
Three girls are playing together .
People lift each other .
Two small girls are hoisting up a larger girl on their shoulders .
Three girls are doing something .
Sisters are goofing around .
A dog running on grass .
An old dog running on grass .
An old dog running on bright green grass .
The dog is fetching a ball .
The dog is playing in a field .
The dog is sleeping on the bed .
A brown dog runs to catch a stick
A brown dog lays under a tree .
A brown dog runs while looking at the sky .
A dog is in the grass .
A dog is napping outside .
A dog prances in the grass after catching a stick .
An animal is outside .
The brown dog is eating in the kitchen .
The brown poodle is playing outside with a tree branch .
He is aiming at a target in between rocks .
Asian man shooting a gun .
The man is using a bow and arrow .
The man is holding a sword .
The man aims his gun .
The man is going to shoot a rhino .
The man is swinging on a tire swing
A man has a gun
The gun is a revolver
Two boys are making themselves breakfast .
Four kids are playing a game together .
Two boys are outside playing with their young cousins .
An Asian man gets ready to shoot a gun .
An Asian man is surfing .
An Asian man is dressed up so someone can take photos of him .
A naked man is standing in the bathroom .
A man is holding a coffee mug with soup in it .
A man goes to the bathroom on some coffee .
a man is throwing rocks
A person stands in a bathroom and drinks coffee .
a man drinks beer from a coffee mug
A man stands in a bathroom with a coffee cup .
There are other people in the bathroom with the man .
a man drinks in the bathroom
There is someone in the bathroom .
A man is indoors .
The man is waiting to go to the bathroom .
A man is running .
A man is wearing a hat on his head .
The man is wearing a blue jacket .
The woman walks down the road .
The woman is wearing a blue dress .
The man is walking down the highway .
A woman is running outside
A woman is walking home
A woman is walking outside
The woman is inside buying a card .
The woman is carrying Dasani water .
The woman in a short skit is holding a bottle and walking outdoors .
A female walks down an urban street .
A man in jeans runs through a park .
A woman is wearing a jean skirt .
A woman is flying through the sky .
a woman is walking against traffic .
A person is walking along the side of the road .
People are bullying a kid by writing cruel things on his back with permanant marker .
There are people writing on someone 's back .
People are writing silly things on their friend 's back with markers .
they are not at a beach
there is a couple
there is a couple in love
The fish was huge !
The man was using a sword to catch fish with .
He found a great place to fish .
There is a woman in a green t - shirt .
The woman is speaking for TEDtalks .
A man in green shorts speaks into a microphone .
Girl behind group of walkers
The girl is not at the head of the pack of people .
A little girl walking down a dirt road to meet up with her friends .
Girl walking down road
A small girl is sneaking up on some people walking down a dirt road
guys in group
A girl rides her bike on the sidewalk
A little girl walking outdoors .
A girl is riding a bicycle down a grassy hill .
The young girl is following her parents down the road .
A tired girl is having trouble keeping up with her parents .
The little girl is riding a bike .
A girl is on a dirt road .
A small girl is following people walking down a dirt road .
A little girl lying down , watching television .
A group of people are corded together .
There is one person outside .
A group of people are crowded for a street performer .
A rock musician auditions for a band .
The musician wears a frilly dress .
The guitar player weras black and camo clothing .
A woman is knitting a hat for a baby .
The woman is talking on her cell phone while she is waiting at an airport .
A woman is waiting at the airport .
A woman waiting to collect her luggage after flying in from the Orient to join the symphony orchestra on it 's tour
A woman waiting at the airport baggage claim
A woman walking three dogs in the park
People are waiting to check in for their flights .
A couple nearly misses their cruise departure due to traffic .
A very long line of people are waiting to check in for their flights .
The plane is late to the airport .
The people are at home sleeping .
The people are indoors waiting .
a short kid does a tumbling move
a young woman does a tumbling move
a kid does a tumbling move
A band performs .
A band take a break in the green room .
A band plays a song .
A young man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard down thew street .
A woman in a black shirt is walking to work .
There is a woman wearing a back shirt walking in the street .
a man wairs a blue hat and glasses
he is meeting a friend of his
they are driving
a man is smiling
a man is happily wearing his beer cap outside
a man is smiling because of his shirt
She is performing at a concert .
A woman is singing .
The woman is not a good singer .
a woman is walking
a man is walking
an older woman is walking
A group of people are looking at Zebras at the zoo .
A group are at the aquarium on a tour .
A group are viewing all the different types of fish at the aquarium .
Two young people arguing .
A young couple on a date .
Two people enjoying each others company .
A young man is eating lunch .
A man does his laundry .
A man does laundry for his family .
A person is sitting in the the middle of nowhere .
A person stands in the middle in the public waiting to move .
A person is standing in the public .
The man is riding a bicycle .
A man in indoors .
A man is in a laundromat .
A man sits in a laundromat .
A man watches the only machine in the room .
There is a person watching machines designed to clean laundry .
Some people are watching fish in an aquarium .
People looking at fish for a school project .
A group of people is observing aquatic life .
The group of people have reached the top of the Eiffel Tower .
People are spending their day off inside of an aquarium with sharks .
There are two sharks in an aquarium exhibit .
The people are eating fish .
People are gathered around a dinosaur exhibit at a museum .
People are gazing upon fish in an aquarium .
People are looking at fish in the ocean on a beach .
People looking at turtles .
The people are visiting the aquarium .
People looking at fish .
There are people at an aquarium looking at fish .
A field trip visits an aquarium to look at fish .
Nobody is sitting .
A human sitting .
A large human sitting .
The life vests are brown .
The woman is the children 's mother .
People are in the water .
These people are dry and warm .
The family swims from the sinking canoe .
The people have matching life vests
There is water .
The water is cold .
There are no children .
two boys are swimming while the mom is tanning on the beach
the sons are being chased by their mom in the ocean
the mother and sons are swimming
The mother is having the kids race in the lake .
A woman is making cookies for the kids .
A woman in kids are outside playing in water .
Girls wearing zombie makeup .
These are zombies .
Girls dressed as zombie brides .
A group of ladies is hunting an elephant .
A group of Italians are playing instruments .
A band is playing songs indoors .
The lady is babysitting her granddaughter .
A mother feeds sweets to her daughter .
There is a young girl .
The woman and her grandson enjoy their day out by themselves .
A woman gives a girl dressed like a princess candy on Halloween .
A man wearing a cape gives a boy a baseball .
The woman is smiling .
The woman shared her candy with the child .
The toddler is eating the candy .
The woman is not selfish with the young girl .
A woman is giving a girl some treats .
A woman eats with a toddler .
A father eats breakfast with a teenage boy .
The woman is sharing the fruit with the toddler .
There is no woman .
A woman passes out Halloween candy to a girl dressed as a princess .
A woman in a red shirt gives her daughter her backpack for school .
A woman gives candy to a girl .
Woman holds a plate of goodies
Woman with plate of goodies for her little princess
Woman holds a book for her husband
The girl was with other people having a meal .
The girl was drinking a soda next to a fountain .
The girl was in her mothers lap eating dinner after she won a tiara in the contest .
The man gives his son an icecream cone .
The lady weighs over 100 pounds .
The woman is hang gliding above the trees .
The lady is playing in a cricket tournament .
A fat lady feeding a girl .
A fat lady feeding a girl who is starving .
Two people at a mealtime .
The daughter is eating something delicious .
The lady is skinny .
The lady is in the kitchen .
A fat lady feeding a dog .
The child is a boy .
A woman is feeding her young child .
There are two women .
The lady is holding out a spoon to her child .
The woman is taking a photo .
The tourist is taking pictures of her vacation .
The tourist is buying souvenirs of her trip .
The woman is taking a picture of a dog .
The woman is taking a photograph .
The woman is laying down .
the women is a model
a women in a black dress and glasses takes a photo
the women is sleeping
A man is recording a video .
A lady is taking a picture .
A lady is taking a picture of a statue .
the asian woman in shades holds a phone
the dog eats legs
the asian woman in shades holds the phone she got for christmas
A man plays an instrument .
A man plays an instrument in a band .
A man is drinking at a bar .
the boat is on the water
the boat is carrying oil barrels
the boat has nothing on it
A man is driving a car .
A man is playing a saxophone in room
A man is playing a saxophone in inside of a building
The men are about to board the ship .
The ship is in the dock .
The ship has had all of its supplies removed .
A man is performing for a crowd for tips .
A man is playing a trumpet in a car .
A man is playing a song on his instrument .
A school class visits the aquarium .
The people hope to catch many fish .
People are getting to go fishing on a boat .
A young woman is talking on the phone with her mom as she opens her birthday present from her .
A young woman is taking a nap in her bed .
A person is talking on their phone .
The lady is having a conversation while not standing .
The girl is walking in the grocery store silently .
The person is talking to her husband .
A woman is laying down and typing on her computer .
A woman is talking to her child on the phone about school .
A woman is sitting and talking on her cellphone .
A woman is on her cellphone .
A woman is talking to her lawyer on her cellphone .
An alien is on her cellphone .
the man had a ash on his forehead
the man was at church
the bishop talked to the woman while putting a cross on her cheek
two men are skydiving
a man getting rid of his demon
a priest rubs a man with his " cross . "
Two men are playing tennis .
The men are married to one another .
Two men are near each other .
Two women hug as they celebrate graduating
A priest is meditating alone on his beliefs .
The man in the robe has no arms .
There are two men next to each other
A priest is giving a blessing to a man .
A man is standing by himself .
A man places his hand on the forehand of a man kneeling down in front of him
A man wearing a white robe places his hand on the other man 's forehead .
A priest is blessing someone .
The two men are in a church .
A person is touching someone 's face .
Two people are touching each other .
A girl is building a sandcastle .
People are looking around the dirt .
People are looking for a lost cellphone .
The group of people are standing .
The group of peopel are on a hiking trip .
The group of dogs are standing on the dirt .
A group of people are hiking .
A group of people dance in the woods .
A group of people hike in the woods .
The People are not from here .
The people live next to the sight .
The tourists are part of a tour group .
People are hiking to the bottom of the canyon .
People are on a canyon .
People are on a hill .
Three women are enjoying a plane ride through the air .
Three women are on a balloon ride .
Three women are taking a tour of the city by means of a hot air balloon .
Some people are in a hot are balloon
A group of dogs are in a hot air balloon .
Some people are high in the sky
People are sitting in a balloon .
There are couples in the balloon .
There is only one person in the balloon .
Humans enjoying .
Nobody is enjoying .
Tall humans enjoying .
Kids are enjoying rides at an amusement park at night
Children stuck mid air on a balloon ride .
People in a ride
Children on a balloon ride at a carnival .
Adults are playing poker
The park was empty
Children are riding above the ground .
Children painting a balloon in the air .
Kids are on amusement park rides
The children are enjoying their balloon ride .
Some kids are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park .
The children are riding the go - carts .
A group of brothers and sisters are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park .
10 people in a ride
Only one child is on a balloon ride at the amusement park .
A bicyclist is riding uphill .
A go - cart race is happening down the hill .
A go - cart picks up speed on the decline .
A young person is outside .
A young person is riding a wagon pushed by their parents .
A young person is on the swingset .
A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a some sceneries picture
A man sitting at the back of scooter
A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a picture
A boy is on his way to see his grandmother .
The boy is playing in the snow .
The boy is on a path in the woods .
People stand with arms raised in the crowd .
Many people were really enjoying the concert and raise their arms in support .
Many people crossed their arms in the scarce crowd .
There are girls performing a physical activity .
Some girls are playing for the championship .
The girls are sitting on a couch .
a canoe is floating
the canoe is brown
the canoe is sunken
A girl is sitting in a chair with people around her .
A girl is surrounded by people .
People are at a casino playing slots .
The crowd is at a concert .
The crowd is looking at the same thing .
There is a brawl happening .
there are people gathered
there is nobody there
there are people praying
A dog is eating kibble in the kitchen
A young girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people
A young Asian girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people
A big wall with graffiti on it .
A big wall with no graffiti on it .
A big wall with graffiti art on it .
The people are strangers to eachother .
The people are wearing yellow shirts .
There are three people wearing shirts .
The 3 people standing outside are trying to figure out what they want to paint on the wall behind them .
The 3 people are sitting on a red and black blanket in the country eating fried chicken .
There are 3 people outside .
The locals are inside eating dinner .
The people are gang members .
The people have painted a sign with graffiti .
People are outside .
People are bowling .
People are pointing at the graffiti .
A baseball team is playing a game .
The pitcher wears blue and gold .
A person is throwing a ball .
A band plays to a crowd of different ages outside .
A concert is for charity .
A band plays music outside .
The band is sitting inside a car .
A band eats lunch and waits for the sun to go down .
The concert got canceled
A concert is outside .
There are thousands of people watching them perform .
The band is playing in a gazebo .
The band are playing music .
A small crowd listens to a charity band outside .
A large crowd gathers for a speech in a town hall .
Several people are listening to a band .
A small crowd listens to a band outside .
The band are playing soft rock .
Two adults are in the snow .
Two adults are throwing snowballs .
Two adults are sitting in the snow .
Bruce Springsteen is on stage .
Bruce Springsteen is in a house .
There is a crowd watching .
An unknown person standing in a crowd .
Bruce springsteen performing for a large crowd .
Bruce Springsteen performing .
The girlfriend is happy to see his boyfriend is enjoying his time on the snow .
The couple is in equador .
The man and the woman are having fun in a snowy day .
There is a man pointing at a crowd outdoors
There is a man looking at a crowd not pointing
There is a man pointing to a crowd
A photo of a Volvo dealership has two people and orange cones .
There is a crime scene at the Volvo dealership .
The Volvo dealership is serving ice cream .
A woman standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Honda dealership .
Someone is standing in the middle of the traffic cones in front of a car dealership .
A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership , waiting for the car salesman .
Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic
Two men joyously stand in the middle of a square of traffic
Two men do n't stand in the middle of a square of traffic
A man is looking at Christmas trees .
A man walks around a Volvo car lot at night .
A man visits his dealership to see new Volvo models .
The woman is inside a store .
The woman is digging in her flowerbed , getting rid of all the weeds .
The woman is treating herself to a nice day of spa / nails / hair after a stressful week at work .
A woman is giving another woman a pedicure .
A woman is giving another woman a manicure .
A woman is painting a womans acrylics purple .
A woman is painting another womans finger nails .
A woman is painting her bestfriends nails for a date .
A woman is getting a massage at a spa .
Someone has long nails .
Someone is having their nails painted .
Only one person is getting a green manicure .
The pets are playing cards .
There is a pack of dogs are drinking water .
There are animal wading in the waters .
The dogs are in the water .
There are three dogs in the water .
The dog bites the girl .
A large group of dogs are swimming in deep water .
Animals are walking around in some water .
An owner walks his dogs in shallow water at the beach .
A white dog is laying on the rug .
A white dog is staring over a ledge at a cat .
A white dog is peering over a ledge .
The dogs are at the vet office .
There are dogs playing in the water .
The dogs are hot .
A sad boy in blue slides down a tan slide .
A girl in blue slides down a tan slide .
A person in blue slides down a tan slide .
There is a boy is playing .
A man is sent on a mission to outer space .
A boy is playing at the playground with his friends .
The slide is big
The boy is wearing clothes
The boy is wearing a green shirt
A dark - haired boy runs through the living room
A dark - haired boy is sitting outside of Walmart .
A dark - haired boy is sitting on the outside of a beige structure .
A boy is on a slide
A boy is at the park
A boy is in a tent
A gray dog running outdoors .
A gray dog chasing a squirrel outdoors .
A dog eating a piece of bacon .
people are sitting
start banners are needed
people stand
The boy is outside .
The boy is playing in water .
The boy is playing in a sandbox .
The guards are all angry .
The guards are sleeping in a bell tower .
The guards are standing at the starting line
A person riding a bike .
A person using a cane .
A person using a antique cane .
He is good at sports .
He is asking around for directions to the nearest restroom .
He is playing ball .
Two workers lay new bricks for a cobblestone road .
Two men take bricks from a cobblestone road .
Two men doing construction work .
The person is wearing blue .
The person is going to get into the water .
The person is at the beach .
Someone dressed in red is sitting on the beach .
Someone wearing a red shirt , hides in the shade .
A lady is laying on the beach .
A small tree has someone sitting beneath it .
The person in a red tank top is running down the beach .
The person under the tree is wearing jeans .
Man sitting on Venus beach .
Man sitting on the sand at the Mojave desert .
Man sitting on the beach .
people enjoying the beach
the people are ladies
the people are flying a plane
A woman is at lunch with her friend .
A woman is looking at her phone .
A woman is writing a letter .
The Craftsman is sitting on the ground .
The rope is long .
There is someone hanging from the rope .
A dog is carrying something .
A baby sleeps in his crib .
A dog is playing fetch with his owner .
A man celebrates his birthday with a trip ziplining .
A man goes bungee jumping .
A man goes ziplining .
The man is wearing green pants .
This is the first time the man has rode a zipline .
The man is outside .
There is a woman standing still
There is a woman using a zipline .
The woman is moving quickly through the air
A person using a zip line on their vacation .
A person on a surfboard with a yellow helmet .
A person using a zip line .
The boy is outside in winter
The boy is dressed in a t - shirt and shorts
The boy is making snowballs
A man pulling a cart full of grass seed .
A man pulling a cart .
A man pulling a cart of bricks to the construction site .
A lot of people drinking .
All woman drinking together .
A group of people at the library .
There are only guys at a party
There are guys and girls at a crowded party
There are guys and girls at a party
A crowd of people getting ready for the concert .
A group of people in a quiet alley .
A group people in a busy area .
There is a picture of alligators
There is a large group outside
The people gather to watch the fight
the people are in the sun
the people are flying a plane
people are wearing glasses
The man is riding his bike .
The man is riding an elephant .
The man is advertising Google .
The friends are hanging out in an apartment .
The friends are on the beach .
The friends took a day trip to a beach together .
Some men are outside at the beach .
Three young women swim at the beach .
Three men are posing for a picture before they leave the beach .
The sign says no ad space is available
A sign outside
The sign is large
The man and woman look off in the distance .
The man and woman are sweaty .
The man and woman are in the desert .
The man has a couple of tattoos .
The man wants a tattoo of a skull and cross bones on his shoulder .
This is the man 's first tattoo ever .
A man sleeps .
A chef is preparing their favorite dish in a large kitchen .
A chef in a kitchen .
A man is getting a tattoo .
A man is happy to be getting a new tattoo .
A man is getting a haircut .
A tattooed man is getting his tattoos erased .
A tattooed man is getting a tattoo of a Chinese character .
A tattooed man is getting a new tattoo .
Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen at his place of employment
Short order cook is cooking up a meal
Short order cook is sitting down eating a meal
A male chief in a kitchen .
A female chief in a kitchen .
A male Indian chief in a kitchen .
A blonde mother looks on as her blonde daughter gets her first hair cut .
A blonde mother looks on as her daughter gets her first hair cut .
A blonde mother watches her daughter get her teeth pulled for the first time .
A policemen handcuffing a suspect .
A policemen standing out in the cold .
A policeman has his hands in his pockets .
Some people are inside a store .
Customers are buying some food for breakfast .
The restaurant is closed as people look from outside .
The woman sits next to the car .
The security guard stands next to the car .
The security guard stands next to the suspicious car .
A young girl gets her hair styled for prom .
A girl gets her hair styled .
A boy gets a haircut .
A man is near a trailer .
A man is at the fair .
A man is mowing his lawn .
a woman is crocheting
a man tries to sell many sunglasses
a man carries sunglasses on a piece of wood
A man watches someone cook something on the stove .
A young man has a tan hat .
A child goes down a slide .
He is sitting at a picnic table outside .
A man is looking at his house .
A young man has a small tan hat .
The young man is taller than the wall separating the kitchen and the living area .
A young man is standing in the kitchen .
The young man is looking to see if dinner is ready yet .
A man wears a hat .
a man is inside .
A man is sleeping .
A young man is outside looking at the house .
A young man has a white hat .
He is standing inside the house .
A man is in a friend 's kitchen
A man wearing a red shirt is in someone 's bedroom .
A man is in a kitchen
a man is standing in household
A man wearing a green shirt is standing near the house
A man is driving a car .
The child is asleep in his bed
There is a child being punished in the kitchen
There is a child indoors .
A man is riding a bike through tent world .
It is raining so a guy is fixing a bike underneath the protection of a tent .
A guy is working on a bike .
There is a rich man outside this building .
The homeless man is trying to get donations .
There is a homeless man outside this building .
The man is riding his bicycle around the neighborhood
The onlooker is getting his bike fixed .
The man is working on his vehicle .
A woman in a green dress is in line to buy popcorn at a movie theater .
There is a woman under a colorful tent .
A woman is sitting at a picnic table underneath an outdoor tent .
I see a boy in a red swim suit
the boy is at the beach laughing
the boy is in space
A woman is sleeping in a bed .
A black man is competing in a triathlon .
A man is running .
The people are using a camera .
The people took a picture of the woman .
The people are sleeping together alone .
the child was waiting to go in the pool
the blonde child had lunch
the child was sitting
A person drawing well water with lush vegetation all around .
A woman drawing well water in an oasis in the middle of a desert .
A woman getting water from a stream in a rocky , mountainous area .
The boy is wearing a tuxedo .
The boy is dressed in a swimsuit .
The boy is at the beach .
Everyone is standing around a fire .
A boy is laughing at a joke .
Someone is laughing .
The woman is attending a party .
The woman is clutching her purse while looking around the empty room .
A woman is located in the middle of a crowded room holding a glass .
A woman is jumping off a roof
A picture is being taken to send to a magazine
A woman is smiling at a camera
A lone man stands by himself .
A family celebrates a birthday .
A group of humans .
Two people are making funny faces .
Two men are playing football .
Two teachers are making funny faces at their students .
men putting on concert
two men play music
dog sleeps in grass
A man is walking
The man is fully clothed
The man is weird
A women is getting ready to wash her cat .
A women is scrubbing a dog .
A women scrubbing a bucket .
There is a man outside .
A man is sleeping on a bench .
An injured man is taking a walk .
A crane is sitting over a nest .
A crane is looking for food .
A crane is outdoors .
Some guys are climbing up a building .
Some men are climbing .
Some men are painting a house .
Two men are washing the windows on the building .
Two men are fixing the appearance of the building .
Two men are painting the building yellow .
The men are working on a construction site .
The men are making the wall look better .
The men are eating a sandwich .
Two construction workers are climbing as part of their job .
Two men are working on construction .
Two men are hammering something into a wall .
A man has a white shirt .
The man has a red shirt .
The man is black .
A man is cooking on a grill while a woman watches .
A man and woman are having an outdoor party .
A man and woman are grilling in the rain .
Two men are cooking outdoors .
Two men are sitting on the couch watching television .
Two men work at a hot dogs stand on the sidewalk .
Two people are making steak with a torch .
A person is cooking spaghetti on a stove .
Two chefs are making steaks with a torch .
two small neighbourhood children watching other people mixing dust
children goes to sleep in dormitory
two children watching people mixing dust in their floral clothing
The couple are playing chess .
The people have no clue how to barbecue .
The people are cooking .
The man is playing the guitar .
The man is on stage .
The mans hair is on fire .
The dogs run in a field
The dogs are outside
The dogs are sleeping .
Some men are burning some trash .
Some homeless men are searching for food .
Some men are in a dumpster .
Two children ride their sleds .
The children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball .
The children are excited because this is the first snow of the winter .
The children are siblings .
The kids are sledding .
The kids are in school .
A man is in a canoe .
A man scuba dives .
A man waits to go out on the lake .
a woman is standing in the woods
A man is sitting in a boat
a man is sitting outside
7 children are asleep in a car .
Two children are asleep in a stroller .
Two children are asleep in a multi - child stroller on the sidewalk .
A man is outdoors .
A man is fishing .
A man is sitting on a couch .
a man is standing in a boat
a man is in a rowboat
a man is in a rowboat waiting for rescue
The woman has blond hair .
The woman is wearing orange .
The woman is listening to something .
Two guards are standing at the exit .
Two people are watching an entrance .
Two guards are standing watch .
Two tall guards sitting at a table .
People sitting and talking .
Two guards shooting guns .
A man wears a gray hoodie .
An ex - convict wears a red hoodie .
A lady wears a blue hoodie .
Two workers take a break together .
Two people sit on a closed gate .
Two people in matching clothes sit together .
A man is sitting .
A man runs a race .
A workman eats lunch .
A thief tries to hide evidence of wrongdoing
A hooded man records people outside
A hooded man messes with equipment
The green house is full of plants .
There is a woodworking shop .
There is a wood working tool .
A man with a covered face sits .
A man hiding his face sits next to the fallen tree .
A man with a clearly visible face stands .
The dog is dry .
No water
The dog is wet .
The dog is a poodle .
A dog is just coming out of a bath
A black lab jumping in a lake .
A huge dog
A dog shakes himself .
An animal trying to dry itself off .
A puppy is sleeping on the bed
A dog is wet .
An animal is trying to get dry
A labrador retriever drying itself off .
Rasputin skateboards .
An animal
The duck is in the pond .
The duck is in the playpen .
The duck is outside in the water .
Ducks like to flap their wings in the water .
Someone was scaring a duck in the water .
Ducks like to eat other ducks in the water .
The duck is being chased .
There is a mallard duck .
The duck is red .
A male rides his transportation past a food market .
A male looks at the food market as he rides his transporation past .
A male eats lunch at home .
A man riding a car past a grocery store .
A man riding a ten speed bike past a grocery store .
A man riding a bike past a grocery store .
A man with a purse is sitting still .
A person is on a moving object .
A man travels to a destination .
A man rides his bicycle in the city , passing food markets and other stores .
A man parks his bicycle in front of the Chung May Food Market .
A man rides his bicycle past a shop .
Tourists try to get a feel for their surroundings .
A couple of girl relax with some reading material .
Several female businessmen attempt to sell expensive products .
A man is falling of a roof as he tries to catch his falling sunglasses .
A man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on the top of a house .
A man kneeling on a roof is fixing a spot on the roof with a piece of plywood .
A man is sitting on the couch .
A man practicing his butterfly stroke .
A man swimming .
A man is swimming in a pool .
A man is keeping the water from his eyes .
A man is learning to swim .
A dog is in a boat
A dog is outside near the water
A dog is waiting for his owner
the swimmer is in the lake
the swimmer is at the pool
the lake is cold
two people performing .
a man and woman performing surgery .
a man and woman performing on stage .
The little boy was playing with his toy airplane .
The little boy was flying his toy airplane in the open field .
The little girl was playing with her doll .
Women sit next to a shop .
Woman walk through a crowded mall .
Women wait for a store to open .
A boy has a remote control airplane in the field by his house .
A young person is playing with an object in the air .
A boy is playing with a toy dumptruck on the street .
A boy is playing in a field .
A boy is at a sports event .
A boy is flying a plane with his father .
A child is playing with is toys in the bedroom .
A child is outside .
A child is playing with a toy airplane outside .
A person is walking through the rain
A person is carrying his stuff for a parade
A person is carrying an empty hanger and bagpipes
The man is late for a funeral .
The man in the rain is wet .
He is cold .
The man is late for the funeral .
The man is playing the trumpet .
The gentleman is walking carrying only his guitar
The woman is holding a violin .
The man 's face is red with excitement .
A gentleman walking in the rain towards the flute festival .
He is dry .
The gentleman is walking in the rain .
The man is wet .
A man is outside with an instrument .
A gentleman walking in the rain , holding his instrument .
A gentleman walking in the rain walking to a funeral .
A man is playing the bagpipes .
A woman in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at her .
A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes for monetary gain .
The man is playing a funeral dirge .
The man is holding an instrument .
The man is wearing jeans .
A man playing music on the sidewalk .
A man playing music on the sidewalk in front of a restaurant .
A woman in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk .
Two guys are competing in a horseshoe tournament .
Two guys are outdoors .
Two guys are playing basketball .
The people are paid performers .
The people are dressed up .
The people are naked .
People are playing cards in Las Vegas .
People are throwing a frisbee to a dog on the beach .
People are playing .
The people are moving their bodies .
The people are asleep .
They are celebrating their wedding .
Lab partners are studying together .
To girls are looking at something .
Two men are sharing a copy of 50 shades of grey .
Two ladies are looking at a booklet together .
Two people are checking out the handbook .
A group of men are holding books .
Two women are looking at a notebook together , they are both wearing their safety goggles .
Two women are sitting side by side looking at their notebooks .
Two women are looking at something .
Two women are camping outside .
Two women are working on dangerous chemicals .
Two women have their eyes protected .
The girls are dissecting a frog .
The girls are looking at a book .
The book is about chemistry .
some persons dancing
Five ladies are dancing .
five ladies are not there
Four dancers are wearing black and red costumes and doing the tango .
There are four people dancing , each wearing black clothing with a red ribbon belt .
The four dancers , dressed in black and red , are resting and sitting at a table .
people are performing in front of a large crowd
people are performing ballet
people are at home sleeping
A man is riding a skateboard .
A man is riding a red bike .
The man is showing off to his friends .
A guy doing tricks on a bike .
A man wrecking his bike .
A guy riding a bike in the street doing a wheely .
a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle
a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle to meet his friend
a woman holding a scruffy cat
The bike is comfortable to ride on
The man on the bike has no legs
The man is on a bike
The man is balancing on one wheel .
The man is a professional bicycle rider .
The man is wearing a green shirt .
There are red chairs in the diner .
All of the chairs and tables in the diner are red .
There are no red chairs in the diner .
people are in the sun in the desert
it is a sunny day
people are sitting by the water
One child is giving another child a hug .
The children are smiling .
The children are brushing their teeth .
A man is reading a book .
A man is reading a newspaper .
A man is reading the sports section .
A man is reading a paper while leaning against a brick wall .
A man is reading a paper .
A man is reading a newspaper on a train .
A man is reading a newspaper outside .
A woman is reading a magazine .
The reporter browses through the morning paper looking for his feature article .
Business man checking the stocks in the paper on the street .
Woman reading a book outdoors .
Man in professional attire reading a newspaper outside .
a man leans up against an art installation
a person reading in front of a building
a blind man sits in front of a building
The children are at home watching television .
The children have something on their feet .
The children are related .
A boy is skating with his friends .
A boy is skating with other people around him .
A girl is playing at a park by herself .
some kids are going skating
the men are doing yoga
Three kids are ice skating
The three people are skating together .
The three people are throwing the baseball around .
The three people know each other .
Some kids are having a skating contest .
Some kids are rollerskating .
Some kids are playing basketball .
a toddler swings high
a boy swings high
a toddler plays on a slide
the man is wearing gucci
a man in a coat
the man is wearing a sweatshirt
The man threw a stick .
The man is practicing javelin throwing for a compeition .
The man is dancing in the moonlight with his daughter .
A man is preparing to demonstrate an ancient hunting technique .
A man is holding a stick .
A man works on transforming his bamboo stick into a fishing pole .
A man in a scark throws a stick .
Bob Stickthrower lived up to his name .
A man ate a stick .
A man gets ready to throw a stick .
A man gets ready to throw a stick to his dog .
A man is sitting still at the beach .
There is a 1v1 going on between friends
There is a 1v1 going on between friends for money
People do n't play sports
young couple hugging
youth enjoying
youth playing
The makeup was done by her daughter .
A woman with heavy makeup is standing .
A man with heavy makeup is standing .
An older woman is selling newspapers .
An old man is selling to pay for college .
An old man has a newspaper .
The man is pulling anchor .
The man is standing .
The man is drinking a beer in a pub .
four musicians play for a man
The street performers are hoping to make money .
There are multiple people present .
a kid in a car goes through a drive thru
A group of people play music outside .
Classical musicians are raising money by playing on the street .
There is no one listening to the musicians .
The young man is riding his bike down the street .
Musicians are playing at an indoor concert .
A big band perfomance on a ship plays to a crowd of women .
four musicians play freebird
Four musicians play music while a talen scout stops and listens .
A man with a bike watched musicians playing .
A man listens to four musicians playing on the street .
They four musicians just met .
some musicians sleep
four musicians are playing instruments
musicians are outside
A young adult band played outside .
Some young people were playing musical instruments outside .
The drummer hammered away at his kit in the garage .
The street band is playing outside .
The band is playing jazz music .
The street band is inside a cafe for a show .
Three taxis are on the street .
The three taxis were speeding .
Three motorcycles were pulled over .
Trucks are driving down a highway .
Taxis are waiting .
Taxis wait for passengers at the airport .
Many buses are parked at a station .
Taxis line up at a station .
Cabs wait to pick up customers at a busy intersection .
The police cars are in front of the taxis .
The taxis are being towed away .
The taxis are yellow .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during a tie game .
Two players battle over a turkey in an intense match .
There are players on the soccer field .
Two teams are playing soccer on a grass field .
Two hockey opponents run and fight for the puck on ice .
Two teams are playing soccor .
Two young men are playing baseball .
Two young men are playing soccer .
One man is about to score for his team .
A man in a black jacket is near a table .
A man in a jacket is standing outside near a table .
A young girl in a bright shirt is looking at the sky .
People standing around a table .
People around a table in an Asian country .
People walking down a road .
A woman is watching football .
A guy is playing pool .
A pool player is about to win the game .
An old an sitting on a bench outside .
A man running around the lake .
A person sitting down .
A sad man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless .
A woman sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes her look headless .
A person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless .
A man sits alone and hanged his head so low .
A woman sits on her bed , crying .
An man sits alone , looking depressed .
There is a child playing at a playground .
The boy is dark - skinned .
A young boy rides a play horse at the playground
The cow is riding the boy .
The boy is at recess .
The boy is on a bus on the highway .
A boy rides a hrose .
A young boy rides a play horse at the playground outside his elementary school .
The boy is pretending to be a jockey .
There is a child on a park plaything .
A grown man rides a horse down a beach .
A boy rides a play horse .
The child is an expert at horse .
There is a young boy riding a blue and white play horse at a playground .
There is a young girl riding a horse at a farm .
A man is not wearing any footwear .
A man is learning to tie his shoes .
A man is lacing up his shoes .
Two people fighting .
Two people practicing darts .
Two people playing for a competition .
A swimmer in the middle of a swimming race .
A woman preparing for a swim competition .
A swimmer preparing for a swim competition .
A cat is eating food .
A shirtless man is holding swim goggles .
A shirtless man is about to go swimming .
A male is holding goggles .
A male is about to go swimming .
A man is sleeping .
The man in blue speedos has a fit body .
The man in blue speedos is at a skating rink .
Black goggles are being held .
people are by the monument
people are taking pictures
the people are in a conference call
A guy is playing pool .
He is practicing for a tournament .
A guy is bowling .
A boy is jumping rope .
A woman has just completed a work of art and is standing next to it .
A woman is standing next to a work of art .
two small children are playing football for their school team
there are two children playing football .
two small children are playing football in their white and gold uniforms
A man is walking up the steps .
A man is walking up the steps to his home .
A woman is walking down the steps .
A child holding a paddle .
A child stealing a paddle .
A man launching a boat .
A young man walking up the stairs to take a picture .
A person walking up stairs .
A man sitting on the stairs .
A man climbs stone steps of an ancient temple .
A man climbs stone steps .
A man falls to his death down stone steps .
The young child is wearing a red shirt and playing a game .
The young child is about to be confirmed at this church .
The kids are playing a game and one with a red shirt is the goalie .
a person is using a piece of equipment .
a boy is sitting in a coffee shop .
a boy is playing sports .
Adults are playing soccer .
The child is preparing to play .
A child is in the cricket cage .
The kid is playing basketball .
The kid playing Cricket is asian .
The kid is playing Cricket .
The baby is hungry .
The baby smiling and laughing .
The baby crying in the crib .
Two guys hanging in their room .
Two guys at the skate park .
Two guys riding their skateboards outside .
on of the boys is performing an ollie
some boys are riding skateboards
the boy is doing tricks on his bmx bike
A skateboarded ollied in the street .
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a quiet street .
A person is jumped his snowboard .
The man is walking .
A skateboarder doing tricks .
A man rides a skateboard .
The boy is outdoors .
The skateboard is red .
The boy does a trick on the ocean .
The band is performing on the grass outside .
The band members are performers .
The band are good performers .
The rider is outdoors on a motorbike .
The motorbike rider is sitting still on the sidewalk .
The man is speeding quickly to catch someone .
Old men rolling around in the snow .
Humans playing in the snow .
Parents making their kids play in the snow .
Three friends go ice fishing in January .
People are getting a fishing boat ready for a day of fishing .
Three friends jump off the dock into the water .
People putting supplies on a boat .
The opening act to a rock concert .
The people are inside a sauna .
Three people are going ice fishing .
Out in the snow , a small group of fishermen get an ice fishing boat ready for use .
The people are holding their fishing poles .
A group is outside in the snow .
A group of people are sun tanning on the beach .
The people are outside .
A couple fishermen are fixing an ice fishing boat and getting it ready .
Two fishermen are sitting in a restaurant eating chicken .
People preparing to go ice fishing .
A boy is going downstairs .
A boy is going upstairs .
A boy is going upstairs in a library .
a boy slides down a spiral staircase
a boy walks up stairs
a boy walks up steep stairs on his hands and knees
The shirt is large .
The shirt is red .
There is a boy .
a boy is in the library
the boy is swinging on a tire
the boy is there to study
Three people are old .
Three people are dressed in african garb .
The three people are white .
Two dogs are on the grass .
Two dogs are playing in the sprinkler on a hot day .
Two dogs are sleeping .
The dog enjoys being sprayed with water .
A dogs butt is being squirted with water .
The pet remains dry after being hit from behind with a pail of water .
The dog is being squirted
A child is squirting the dog with a water gun .
He is drinking water .
The dog with a light - colored coat its muzzle wet with a stream of water .
He is outside
Water is shooting in the white dog 's face .
The dog is white .
A jet of water is squirting the dog .
The cat sips water in the yard .
the dog is inside
The dog is running
The dog is getting wet on a prominent area of its body .
Nobody is outside
Tall humans outside
Humans outside
Photograph in marriage ceremony
People takes photo in function
People gathered in office
Someone got married
The wedding was outdoors
They are at a funeral
Four people have a conversation at a table together .
A lady and three men are talking to each other at a table .
Four men hold a conversation together at the same table .
The people are talking about sports .
The people are having a conversation .
The people are sitting silently .
a high level boardroom meeting at a major company takes place
A meeting of people is taking place
A group of people sit at a picnic table and eat lunch
A man is playing basketball while people watch .
A hockey player gets the puck in the net .
A man is playing basketball while people watch .
Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game .
A hockey player gets the puck in the net .
Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game .
People are throwing their clothes in the garbage .
People are getting their clothes cleaned at the laundromat .
There is an audience
There is no audience
The audience is large
Two men are at the supermarket .
Two men are married .
Two men dropped off their clothes at a laundromat .
He is assessing a dryer .
The man is going to do laundry .
The man is wearing a necktie .
Two men are adding bleach to the washing machines .
Two women are driving to the store .
Two customers are doing laundry .
A man hangs his clothes on a clothesline .
A man examining the inside of a washing machine .
A patron looks for his laundry inside of a machine .
A man is on top of a cliff .
A man is getting ready to dive off a cliff .
A man is standing on top of a building skyscraper .
Two children plant flowers in a garden .
Two little girls pick flowers from several different types of flower .
Two girls pick flowers outside .
Man trying to find lost dog
Man looking at water
Man swimming to shore
A woman looks out over the ocean from a spot on the sandy beach .
A man stands on a stony cliff overlooking the ocaen , arms outstretched .
A man climbed to the top of a rocky cliff by the sea .
Person standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
Woman standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
Sad Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
A man sleeping on his bunk bed .
A man standing outside .
A man standing outside on a rainy day .
The woman enjoys fishing .
There is a woman in a black cap .
There is a woman in a red cap .
A redhead looks at a man away from the camera
A redhead looks away from the camera
A blonde looks away from the camera
A girl in a red cap is fishing for trout .
A boy is swimming in a lake .
A girl is fishing .
Children are splashing in a lake .
A woman is fishing in a lake .
A member of the Red Hat Society is in a boat fishing on a lake .
The woman is brunette
A woman has red hair
The women is beautiful
Blonde washing her hair
Redhead wearing a headband
Girl getting ready for movie shoot
A woman with red hair looks past the cameraman .
A lady looks past the cameraman .
A cameraman looks at a man .
a guy
a person with hair and eyes
a pretty girl
People are cooking outdoors .
The campers are going for a swim .
The campers are hungry to eat dinner .
There is a group of people camping and cooking dinner .
There are campers cooking steak over an open fire .
There is a bear that started a fire in the woods .
A group of people cook at a fire .
A group of people eating food .
They are camping .
The four people are sleeping in bed .
The group is a family with two children .
The group is waiting for the food to be done .
workers are on a corporate retreat
people are eating at applebee 's
friends are out camping
Two animals next to each other .
2 cats are sleeping
The mother cuddles next to her puppy
A woman walks in front a wall covered in papers .
A woman stands in front of a wall covered in pictures .
A woman walks past a wall covered in advertisements for the local car wash .
Some dogs are sleeping at the foot of the bed .
Two dogs are playing outside .
A small dog is jumping .
A dog is being bitten
The dogs are in a pet store .
The larger dog is nipping at a smaller dog .
Two dogs are playing .
There are no dogs playing .
A small dog is jumping and playing with a larger dog .
The dog is bringing the animal to safety .
A dog has a ball in its mouth .
A dog has another animal in it 's mouth .
The dog is riding in the bed of a truck .
A canine is alongside a body of water .
A dog is playing fetch on a beach .
A bike rider rides through the outdoors
A woman on a green bike goes through the grass
Someone in an SUV rides through the street
It is night time .
The balcony is empty .
People are talking on the balcony .
A young girl plays outside .
A boy plays inside .
The girl enjoys hula hooping .
Woman in blue shirt standing on a boat in a lake .
Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed during a drought .
Woman standing outdoors .
A man and a woman are looking for someone .
A man and a woman are walking in the park .
A man and a woman are heading to their cars .
A man stands next to his girlfriend and looks at his phone .
Two people stand near a street at midday .
A man looks at his phone while standing over a blonde woman on a curb .
There is a man asleep in the barber 's door .
There is a man asleep in the ocean .
There is a man asleep in a doorway .
A woman is walking barefoot
A woman stops to tie her show and her husband is checking his phone .
A woman trips over her shoelace and a man on his phone does n't notice .
A woman photographs a man in a parking lot .
A man takes pictures of a model in a parking lot .
A photographers photographs a model for his portfolio .
There is an infant in this picture
The baby sees himself for the first time in the mirror
the baby is at a comedy show
A woman just finished lacing up her shoes .
A woman is by a lake with her shoes next to her .
A woman is n't wearing any shoes .
The boys are inside the house .
The boys are playing soccer .
The two boys are outside .
There are shadows of people .
A man gives a speech at a school .
Shadows of people fighting can be seen .
The head chef makes bread .
A woman is trying on hats .
A woman is making bread .
Cheerleaders practice on the field before their big day .
A group of cheerleaders are on a field together .
Cheerleaders sit on the sidelines as their team loses .
Football players have made three people pyramids .
Cheerleaders have made people pyramids .
Fit cheerleaders have made three people pyramids .
The skateboarder wears red shorts .
The skateboarder is wearing a shirt .
A skateboarder is shirtless .
The cheerleaders are all wearing the mascot suit .
The cheeleaders are wearing their red school colors .
The cheerleaders are doing a practice routine .
a boy smiles for the camera
an angry child rides a horse
a child smiles for the camera
Small blond man with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box .
Small sad child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box .
Small child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box .
A young child is building a fort with boxes his family has discarded .
A young child is building a blanket fortress .
A child is playing with a box .
A bicyclist is riding down the road in biking gear .
The bicyclist is fixing his bike .
A bicyclist is riding down the road .
A boy rides a hobby horse .
A woman on a bike .
A woman rider her bike to work .
The man is holding a black pair of pants .
A man is holding the matching jacket to his suit .
A man is holding something .
The man hails a taxi in the country .
The man rides his bike through construction .
A person rides a bike .
A woman is outside .
The woman is competing in a bicycle marathon .
The woman is enjoying some chocolate milk after a long work out .
An older couple sit and watch a young woman dance .
A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on , smiling .
People attend a dance .
Dog jumps over a princess .
Dog barely jumps over another lazy dog .
Dog jumps over dog .
Two people playing catch .
Two women sitting a bench outside .
Two people talking while sitting .
There is a group of people sitting
There is a group of people sitting behind a sign in warm weather
There is a group of people standing outdoors
The large dog is beneath the small dog .
The dogs are baking cookies .
The small dog is hungry .
A man and a woman at a desk
A man and a woman sitting on a bench reading books
A man and a woman working at a gallery to raise money for poor children
A racing dog has a number 8 .
A race dog is number 9 .
A race dog has a number of about 8 .
The dog is sleeping .
The dog is fast .
The dog is has a digit on itself .
The greyhound is wearing the number seven .
The greyhound is extremely fast .
The greyhound is running around a track .
A greyhound dog runs along a dirt track and chases the other greyhounds
A beagle is wearing a yellow and black shirt .
The dog is running after a fake rabbit .
A horse races around the track
There is a puppy laying on a couch
A dog is running a race .
A race dog is competing
There is an animal running outdoors
The dog is sitting , waiting to be petted .
There is a cat on the racetrack
The dog is running .
The dog is an animal
A dog is at a racetrack .
The racetrack is long
An animal is outside
A gray dog is about to win a race .
A gray dog is sleeping on the floor .
A dog is running a race .
A man is watching a movie .
A man is getting an autograph at a book signing .
A man is waiting in line .
Male vendor stands behind his fruit stand at marketplace
Man standing at a market
Man sitting in office
A person does a stunt on his motorbike .
A woman rides a unicycle in the parking lot .
A daredevil performs a stunt on his motorbike .
A stuntman on a motorcycle
a man crashes a car into a pole
a stuntman vaults from his motorcycle
Motorcyle crashes into a pile of cars .
Motorcylist rides his bike .
Motorcycle rider jumps a few cars .
The rider is straddling the motorcycle .
The person is laying in his bedroom .
Someone is riding side saddled on a motor bike .
Someone is parked in a car on the street
The individual sat on a bench in the subway terminal .
A person is on a motorcycle .
The rider is getting ready to leap off the motorcycle .
A child is just learning to ride a motorcycle , and does n't quite know how to mount .
There is a person on a machine .
The person wanted to show off to the crowd of onlookers .
A person is on a motorcycle .
A man rides a motorcycle sideways on the countryside
The birds in the tree are singing and eating worms .
A person on a motorcycle is ridding sideways
A motorcycle rider is showing off .
The crowd applauded the young man for standing on one hand .
The young man played his guitar .
The young adult stood on one hand during his performance .
the man is at home sleeping
a man is performing
the man is paid
A man performs tricks for a crowd .
A guy is practicing his stunts in his living room .
A man is performing on a city sidewalk .
The man is reading a newspaper while seated at his desk .
The man is performing at the circus .
The man has his hands on the ground .
A woman with brown hair is holding a frying pan .
A woman arrives at a potluck and brings a container of her famous stew .
A blond woman in a floral dress is holding a container .
A woman is outdoors .
A woman is inside watching TV .
A lady is outside reading and listening to music .
The gentleman proffered his book for an autograph
The man was buying diapers at the local Costco
The man wanted the famous author to sign his book
The children are in school .
The man and women are standing .
The man and woman are buying beer .
Two people stand on a road by a building .
A man and woman standing on the sidewalk outside of the subway station .
A married couple stand on the road outside of their farmhouse .
Two men cross a street .
Two sister relax by a pool .
A red building has a sign .
A man and his sister cross the street to meet their parents .
A man wearing a striped shirt and a woman wearing a polka dotted shirt cross the street .
Two people are walking on the street .
People are playing a game .
One guy and Twenty girls are shooting guns .
Two guys and two girls are on a double date .
A man and a woman sleeping in their bed
A man and a woman near a liquor store
Husband and wife near a liquor store
The men are a local comedy act at the new comedy club .
There are three men in this picture
The men are best friends trying to settle a bet of who is better at swimming .
A sax player plays for money on the street
A sax player entertains people
A drummer plays on the street
man dressed as pirate
pirates put on a concert
girl cries loud
A monkey is eating a banana
The musicians and actors are improvising .
Tourist are watching a performance
The street is long .
There are people .
The street has no people .
A man is on a billboard .
A woman is on an advertisement .
A woman is on a billboard .
A young man skateboarding .
A young man does a trick on his skateboard for an audience .
A young man diving into a pool .
Dogs race on the track .
The dogs are racing for practice for a big competition coming up .
Muzzled greyhouds are eating Kibbles ' N Bits out of a cereal bowl .
The dogs are greyhounds
The track is muddy
The track is dry
Huskies are racing in the iditarod
Fish are swimming in circles
Dogs are racing
A young man rides a skateboard .
The skateboarder performs for the judges .
The piano player finishes his piece of music .
A man is riding a bike in a park .
A skateboarder does a trick .
A skateboarder is grinding along a river walk .
The people are standing near a man doing an ollie .
A man is skating .
The people in the park are watching the skateboarder .
The man is in the park .
a man rides a skateboard
The man is riding his bike down the fast lane .
a man is asleep in front of a cozy fire
A man in a tux rides a cab .
A man is skateboarding near the park .
The skateboard is on the ground .
a man is a skilled skateboarder
The man has never done this trick before .
A man with ripped jeans skateboards .
The man is good with a skateboard .
The man is sitting down on his skateboard .
a man in green
the man is white
the man is nude
A little boy is watching a toy train
A little boy is playing catch
A little boy is playing with a toy train
A woman talking to her sister on the phone .
A woman reading the newspaper .
A woman talking on the phone .
A group of people are pointing towards the commotion happening in the street .
A group of people are sitting down with their hands folded .
A couple of people have their arm extended .
Two women dancing .
Two women sitting on a rock .
Two women taking a break after running a mile .
The boy is carrying his school books .
The boy is wearing red shorts inside his classroom .
The boy is wearing an article of clothing .
The boy is afraid of skating .
There 's a kid skateboarding down the road .
The boy is playing at the skate park .
A group of people are outside sitting .
A group of people are talking about the weather .
A group of dogs are riding in a car .
There are lots of people sitting on a blanket to watch a movie .
There are lots of people sitting on blankets .
There is one person sitting on a blanket .
The girl is outside .
A girl playing .
There is a boy playing basketball .
The girl is twirling streamers .
The boy is twilring streamers .
The girl is twirling rainbow streamers .
A boy playing with a ribbon
A girl practicing
A girl playing with a ribbon
A girl puts on a show for her family .
A girl in a pink top spins a ribbon .
A boy in a blue shirt spins .
The girl has a red shirt .
A girl has a pink shirt .
The girl is blonde .
a snowboarder is watching the sights
a skier is out of control tumbling through the air
a skier has left the ground and is airborne
A naked man is airborne .
A man in skiing gear .
A man is jumping while on his skis .
Someone is skiing .
The skier is near the end of his run .
Two men play basketball .
The skier is sitting on the bench .
The skier will sky to the lodge to get hot chocolate .
The skier is dressed warm for the winter conditions .
A young woman sitting while reading .
A person reading .
A little boy playing on a jungle gym .
A man is yelling out in midair .
A man is outdoors .
A man is parachuting in midair .
Two dogs playing together .
Two dogs .
Two cats sleeping .
two dogs were together
the dogs are playing with a toy
one dog sat alone
Two dogs are facing each other .
Two dogs are chasing a cat .
Two dogs are fighting .
Two dogs are outdoors .
A human is walking two dogs .
The two dogs are walking down a city street .
A woman plays on a giant black - and - red checkerboard .
A kid plays speed checkers with his buddy on a tiny magnetic checkerboard .
A woman musician plays her guitar while strolling along a giant black - and - red checkerboard floor .
A woman plays an extra large game of chess .
A woman is playing a board game .
The woman won a contest to have a chance to play a blown up in size game of checker.s
Someone is playing a game outdoors .
A person is standing watching boats with binoculars .
A person wearing a baseball cap is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water
A man is dealing cards .
The winner is setting up the next game of checkers .
There is a checkers game .
train set is excited game for kids
the boy is playing with it
the boy is thinking pf train set
A woman is laying in the sun .
A woman is dancing for an audience for money .
A woman is wearing clothes and moving around .
A lady bowling with leg pointing back .
A lady bowling drinks a soda .
A lady bowling with one of her legs pointing back .
A dancer poses .
A gorilla dressed as a belly dancer overturns a table .
A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands in a pose before dancing .
There is a women outdoors
There is a women outdoors playing sports
There is a women outdoors running outdoors .
A basketball player makes a shot .
A dancer performs onstage for a crowd .
A dancer is in a posed position .
A woman belly dances for her job .
A woman belly dances .
A man belly dances .
toys played some person
youths plays with toys
person walking on beach
A person is sleep .
A person is wearing a blue hat .
A person is wearing a green hat .
A boy plays with his toy car .
A boy plays with a toy gun .
A boy plays cops and robbers with his friends .
A smiling young boy playing with a toy gun .
A smiling young boy loads a pellet gun .
A smiling young boy playing with his new birthday present .
A young man plays with a toy in the dark .
A young man plays his violin at the school play .
A young black man plays with a toy in the dark .
A little boy in black plays with a toy gun .
a little boy in red plays with a dog .
A little boy is playing with his present .
A bunch of parents and their children look at some shorn sheep
A crowd of people stand around some farm animals
A lone teenager tends to a few sheep
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field .
A group of people running in the snow .
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep .
The kids and the parents care for their herd of sheep .
The kids are walking the dogs .
The kids are learning from the parents .
The family works the sheep farm in Australia .
A man pets a horse .
Five people tend sheep .
a group of people around sheep
a group of older people around sheep
one person around sheep
The man is n't wearing a hat
The man is a soldier
A man is wearing a beret
A lad fires a weapon .
Two men shoot a tyrant in the head with precision and accuracy .
A boy aims at a target .
The conductor of a train is seated comfortable while a man in a carriage steps off the train .
People watch a train go by .
The conductor is making sure the train is on the right track .
There are two people on a train looking at different things .
People are on a train .
People run a train .
A dog sticks his head out the window of a car .
A man sticks his head out of the window .
A man with a hat is on a train .
The conductor is looking outside .
The conductor is looking out the window at the train .
The conductor is looking at a manual .
The man is the copilot of the airplane .
The man is on a train .
The man is the train conductor .
The little boy makes his family proud .
A boy scores a goal playing soccer with his sister .
A little boy hits a home run as his mom and dad cheer !
the woman grades a paper
the boy is trying out for the baseball team
The boy is swinging a bat
boy is reading story book in library
a little boy batting wearing red helmet
a little school boy from California is batting
The boy is playing baseball .
The boy is playing volleyball .
The boy is playing a game .
The man is reassuring the crying woman .
The woman just got into a car accident .
The woman is playing in the park with her children .
the lady is his wife
A young lady is crying because she saw a dog get hit by a car .
a lady is crying
The woman is laughing .
a lady is comforted
The lady is happy .
The woman is at a funeral .
the lady is asleep at work
A woman is crying .
The woman has tears in her eyes .
A young lady is crying .
The man is comforting his wife .
A young lady did n't see anything at all .
a lady just found out her dog died
a lady is alone and happy while watching a movie
A man comforts a crying woman .
A man comforts his girlfriend .
A woman comforts a crying man .
Humans are interacting
A man running on the ground
A man shows something to a woman
The man is indoors .
The man is in the park .
An older man is outside .
The men are making noise .
The men are a barbershop quartet .
The men are silently praying in the church .
lion eats bird
couple near big building
couple covered in shadows
Two people are standing in the sun on their newly constructed patio .
Two people are standing .
Two people are dancing in the snow .
Two elderly people are in a dark alley .
Two elderly people are hit with spotlights .
Elderly people are in a dark area .
An old man is looking into a dumpster .
The old man accidentally dropped his wallet in the dumpster .
The old man is sitting at a table reading a book .
The boy has the baby .
The boy is holding a dog .
The boy is holding his sibling .
One adult is hurt because of the ride they took .
Two young adults are playing basketball .
Two young adults are at a rodeo .
One is trying to fix his arm injury so they can co on another ride
A young adult helps another after he is injured by a bull at a rodeo .
a rodeo is a safe place for all occupants
the one mending the arm is a trained medic
Two young adults are at a horse event .
there are people at the rodeo
Two young adults want to ride horses .
Two young adults are at a waterpark
A bull escapes from the rodeo .
A young adult helps another after an injury at a rodeo .
Two aduts are at a rodeo .
The bull is jumping into the crowd at a rodeo .
a cowboy is going to milk the cows
a cowboy has a bandage on his arm
a cowboy hurt his arm shooting a gun
Daffy Duck is a pasta chef .
The rock is hard .
A woman drills rock .
The little girl is the boys sister .
The little boy is taking care of the young girl .
The little boy is giving the little girl a bubble bath .
The childreen are poor .
The children are wealthy .
The children are siblings .
A young boy holds a crying baby that needs a diaper change .
A young boy holds a crying baby .
A young boy sits next to a crying baby .
There is a brother and sister pair .
There are two brothers .
It is winter .
The hat is dirty .
The hat is made out of clay .
There is a straw hat .
The cheerleaders show their team support .
The cheerleaders are taking a break .
One of the cheerleaders is male .
The little kid with a red shirt and yellow letters , stood on a foot stool to reach both his hands into the dirty water in the sink .
Trying to get the attention of his parents , the little red - shirted imp continued to dig handfuls of sand out of the yellow bucket and hurl them at the people lying on the beach .
The young boy in the red shirt had his finger touching the sand filled yellow pail .
The two people just got married .
The two people are swimming .
The bride and groom holding eachother .
Four children are outside in the snow .
It is summertime and warm outside .
The children are going sledding .
Four children climb up an Icy palace in the Norwegian countryside
Four children are climbing in the snow of a covered hill
Four children are climbing on a snowy hill
kids are climbing a hill covered with snow while on school vacation
kids are climbing a hill covered with snow
kids playing in the sand
A bride is hugging her groom .
A woman is wearing a white gown .
A dog is eating .
Newlyweds have their photo taken .
A man and woman are outside .
The bride is walking down the aisle to greet her groom .
The bride has blonde hair .
The bride and groom are dancing in the hotel .
A bride and groom stand near a fence .
A man almost gets hit by a car .
A man runs across a road without paying attention to traffic .
A man makes his way through traffic , no foot .
A man wearing a uniform walks through a busy street .
A man walks outside .
A woman walks across the street .
A woman walks across a road with her tie flipped over his shoulder .
A man walks across a busy road with his tie flipped over his shoulder .
A man walks across a street with his tie blowing in the wind
A man is sitting in a cafe down town .
A man is walking across a street downtown to get to his favorite shop .
A man is walking across a street downtown .
The women are friends .
Two women are sitting .
The women are standing .
There is a man cooking .
The man is cooking before work .
The man is juggling .
The man is cooking on the street .
A man dresses well .
The man is getting on a plane .
The person is flipping food .
The person works for IHOP .
The person is wearing a yellow suit .
A pancake seller is flipping pancakes for customers .
The man has n't flipped pancakes for years , and is surprised he can still do it .
The man is in his kitchen , frying eggs on the stove .
A man is cooking breakfast for others in his neighborhood .
The man is going to work .
a guy is painting a house
A man is flipping a pancake .
A black haired male stands on the street flipping a pankcake .
The man is dressed nicely .
The man is pouring pancake batter all over his naked body .
a guy is cooking pancakes for his family
A man is cooking pancakes in his driveway .
A man is cooking in his kitchen while his kids watch .
a guy is cooking pancakes by his garage
THe dark haired man is chasing lions off his lawn .
A well dressed man is standing in front of a garage door .
A man stands in front of a garage waiting for it to be open .
A man is running a marathon .
The gentleman is happily standing on the sidewalk .
A woman is cooking in the kitchen .
A man is holding a frying pan .
The man is at church .
This is a woman wearing a red jacket standing in front of a garage door .
A man is holding a boombox
A well dressed man is looking through items at a garage sale and is buying a frying pan .
A man is about to cook breakfast .
A man is trying to get the attention of people in a garage .
A man is standing outside .
The gentleman is standing in front of a garage door .
A man stands in front of a garage .
A man and women are talking to an elderly women about life
A man and women are talking to an elderly women
A man and women are not talking to an elderly women
Some kids and old people .
Some kids read to old people .
Some middle aged people sit alone .
A family is spending the day together
A man is wearing a light shirt
A man is wearing a dark shirt
Some people are sitting while others are standing
At the elementary school the people were waiting for lunch
The people in the wheelchairs were waiting for the entertainers to being
The man is overweight .
The man is skinny .
The man works in the building .
The man is an electrican .
The man is near the other man .
The man is praying in the church .
A dog stands with a toy in its mouth .
A dog is taking a nap .
A dog stands with its favorite toy in its mouth .
A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a chocolate cake , one of the candles looking like a flare .
A person has a cake .
A man is baking a cake for his customer at the bakery .
There is a person next to a cake
A man is sleeping .
A great man preparing
A man watches the sunset on the beach
A man is celebrating the day of his birth .
Man wearing a big birthday hat stands next to his birthday cake
Man blows out cake candles
It 's a woman 's birthday .
It 's a man 's birthday .
Woman blows out cake candles
A man is getting ready to eat some cake .
People are singing happy birthday .
A person preparing
A bird is drinking old milk from a pond .
Man just celebrated his birthday
There is a birthday cake on the table .
The men are standing in the kitchen .
The birthday cake says " Happy 40th Birthday ! "
A set of conjoined twins celebrate their birthday in complete darkness .
A decorated cake emits light .
A set of twins celebrate their birthday .
The man is tired
The man is angry
A man has an umbrella
The man hopes to surprise people with the fireworks .
The man has put fireworks in a decorated cake .
The cake was very delicious .
There is a long line at a tent
There is nobody in line
The tent is at a concert
group of people sitting beside a campfire
people gathered beside a blue tent
group of people meeting behind the fence
The media is waiting outside the medical tent for updates .
Mice are running away from the cat .
People are waiting .
People standing in line waiting to enter the circus in the orange tent .
People are standing in line .
People are sitting in a circle .
Some people are getting ready to go swimming .
Some people are trying to get into a tent for medical supplies .
Some people are behind a fence .
The woman walks through a crowded park .
The woman walks through the park .
The woman walks through the zoo .
Woman with empty hands lays down on the sidewalk .